SHIONOGI

2201N1121

A Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blind,
dose-ranging, placebo-controlled study to assess the safety and efficacy of 
S-309309 in obese adults

28JULY2023

Draft Statistical Analysis Plan

Version 0.3

Prepared by:

PPD on Behalf of
SHIONOGI
300 Campus Drive, Suite 300
Florham Park, NJ 07932 USA


 
Table of Contents
List of Abbreviations	V
1.	Introduction	1
2.	Objectives	2
2.1.	Primary	2
2.2.	Secondary	2
2.3.	Exploratory	2
3.	Investigational Plan	2
3.1.	Overall Study Design and Plan	2
3.2.	Study Endpoints	4
3.2.1.	Primary	4
3.2.2.	Key Secondary	4
3.2.3.	Other Secondary	4
3.2.4.	Exploratory	5
3.3.	Treatments and Interventions	5
3.3.1.	Study Intervention	5
3.3.2.	Lifestyle Intervention	6
3.4.	Dose Adjustment/Modifications	7
4.	General Statistical Considerations	7
4.1.	Sample Size	9
4.2.	Randomization, Stratification, and Blinding	9
4.3.	Analysis Set	10
4.3.1.	All Enrolled	10
4.3.2.	Randomized	10
4.3.3.	Modified Intent-to-Treat (mITT)	10
4.3.4.	Safety (SAF)	10
4.3.5.	PK Concentration (PKC)	10
4.4.	Missing Start and Stop Dates	11
5.	Participant Disposition	12
5.1.	Disposition	12
5.2.	Protocol Deviations	12
6.	Demographics and Baseline Characteristics	12
6.1.	Demographics	12
6.2.	Medical History	13
6.2.1.	General Medical History	13
7.	Treatments and Medications/Procedures	13
7.1.	Prior and Concomitant Medications/Procedures	13
7.1.1.	Prior Medications/Procedures	14
7.1.2.	Concomitant Medications/Procedures	14
7.1.3.	Prior Obesity Medications	14
7.1.4.	Prohibited Medications	14
7.2.	Study Treatments	15
7.2.1.	Extent of Exposure	15
7.2.2.	Treatment Compliance and Modifications	15
7.2.3.	Nutritional and Physical Activity Counseling	16
8.	Efficacy Analysis	16
8.1.	Primary Efficacy Endpoint: Percent Change from Baseline to Week 24 in Body Weight	16
8.1.1.	Primary Estimand: Percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight under the assumption that participants complete study treatment	17
8.1.2.	Main Estimation of Primary Estimand: Hypothetical Strategy	17
8.1.3.	Supplemental Analyses: Treatment Policy Strategy	18
8.1.4.	Other Analyses	19
8.2.	Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoint: Proportion of participants who achieved a weight loss of >=5% from baseline at Week 24	20
8.3.	Other Secondary Efficacy Endpoints	22
8.3.1.	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=10% from baseline	22
8.3.2.	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=15% from baseline	23
8.3.3.	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=20% from baseline	23
8.3.4.	Change from baseline in waist circumference	23
8.3.5.	Change from baseline in waist/hip ratio	23
8.3.6.	Change from baseline in BMI	23
8.3.7.	Change from baseline in glucose metabolism parameters	24
8.3.8.	Change from baseline in cardiovascular risk factors	24
8.3.9.	Change from baseline at Week 24 in cardiovascular biomarkers	24
8.3.10.	Change from baseline at Week 24 in body composition by DEXA Scan	24
8.4.	Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints	25
8.4.1.	Change from baseline at Week 24 in liver composition (liver fat)	25
8.4.2.	Change from baseline in weight-related QoL using the IWQOL-Lite for CT	25
8.4.3.	Change from baseline in satiety responsiveness using the AEBQ	25
8.4.4.	Change from baseline in food preference using the Food Preference Questionnaire	26
8.4.5.	Percent of participants who achieve BMI of <30 kg/m2	26
8.4.6.	Change from baseline in SF-36	26
9.	Safety Analysis	27
9.1.	Adverse Events	27
9.1.1.	Incidence of Adverse Events	27
9.1.2.	Relationship of Adverse Events to Study Drug	28
9.1.3.	Severity of Adverse Event	28
9.1.4.	Outcome of Adverse Event	28
9.1.5.	Serious Adverse Events	29
9.1.6.	Adverse Events Leading to Intervention Discontinuation	29
9.1.7.	Death	29
9.1.8.	Adverse Events of Special Interest	29
9.2.	Clinical Laboratory Evaluations	29
9.2.1.	Hematology	30
9.2.2.	Blood Chemistry	30
9.2.3.	Urinalysis	31
9.2.4.	Coagulation	31
9.2.5.	Serology	31
9.2.6.	Pregnancy	31
9.3.	Abnormal Liver Function Tests	32
9.4.	Vital Sign Measurements	32
9.5.	Physical Examination	32
9.6.	Electrocardiogram	33
9.7.	Mental Health Assessments	33
9.7.1.	Suicidal Ideation and Behavior Risk Monitoring	33
9.7.2.	Depression Assessment	34
9.8.	Ophthalmologic Assessment	34
9.9.	Special Situations	35
10.	Pharmacokinetics	35
11.	Interim Analysis	36
12.	Changes in the Planned Analysis	36
13.	References	36
14.	Appendices	37
14.1.	Schedule of Activities	38
 
List of Abbreviations

AE	adverse event
AEBQ	Adult Eating Behavior Questionnaire
ALT	alanine aminotransferase
AST	aspartate aminotransferase
BCVA	best-corrected visual acuity
BMI	body mass index
BMR	basal metabolic rate
BUN	blood urea nitrogen
CI	confidence interval
Cmax	maximum serum concentration
COVID-19	coronavirus disease 2019
CR	Copy Reference
CRF	case report form
CRO	clinical research organization
CSR	clinical study report
C-SSRS	Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale
Ctrough	trough concentration
CV	coefficient of variation
DEXA	dual energy x-ray absorptiometry
ECG	electrocardiogram
eCRF	electronic case report form
EDC	electronic data capture
eGFR	estimated glomerular filtration rate
ePRO	electronic patient-reported outcome
ET	early termination
FDA	Food and Drug Administration
FPG	fasting plasma glucose
FSH	follicle-stimulating hormone
GCP	Good Clinical Practice
HbA1c	hemoglobin A1c or glycosylated hemoglobin
HDL	high-density lipoprotein
HIV	human immunodeficiency virus
HOMA-IR	Homeostatic Model Assessment -Insulin Resistance
Index
hsCRP	high sensitivity C-reactive protein
IB	Investigator’s Brochure
ICF	informed consent form
ICH	International Council for Harmonisation of Technical
Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use
INR	international normalized ratio
IRB	Institutional Review Board
ITT	intent-to-treat
LDL	low-density lipoprotein
LOCS III	Lens Opacity Classification System
LR	logistic regression
MAR	Missing at Random
Max	maximum
Mean	arithmetic mean
MedDRA	Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities
MGAT2	monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 2
MGAT3	monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 3
MI	Multiple Imputation 
Min	minimum
mITT	modified intent-to-treat
MMRM	mixed model with repeated measurements
MNAR	Missing not at Random
PGx	pharmacogenomic(s)
PHQ-9	Patient Health Questionnaire-9
PK	pharmacokinetic(s)
PT	preferred term
QoL	quality of life
QTcF	QT interval corrected using Fridericia’s formula
SAE	serious adverse event
SAP	statistical analysis plan
SD	standard deviation
SoA	Schedule of Assessments
t1/2	half-life
TEAE	treatment-emergent adverse event
TEE	total energy expenditure
ULN	upper limit of normal
US	United States
WBC	white blood cell

 

	Introduction

This Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) describes the analyses and data presentations for Shionogi protocol 2201N1121 “A Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, dose-ranging, placebo-controlled study to assess the safety and efficacy of S-309309 in obese adults”, Version 3.0, Amendment 2, 08 May 2023. It contains definitions of analysis populations, derived variables, and statistical methods for the analysis of efficacy and safety as well as exploratory analyses. This SAP is based on International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH) E3 and E9 guidelines.

Obesity (defined as body mass index [BMI] ≥ 30 kg/m2) is viewed as a worldwide epidemic. In the United States (US), the prevalence of obesity increased from 30.5% in the 2-year period from 1999 to 2000 to 42.4% in 2017 to 2018. Predictive models suggest that the prevalence of obesity in the US will grow to affect 1 in 2 adults by 2030. Globally, 1 in 5 adults are now considered obese.

Obesity is a major risk factor in the development of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, musculoskeletal disorders, and several cancers. Lifestyle interventions that include dietary and physical activity interventions alone are insufficient in achieving long-term weight loss maintenance in most patients. Anti-obesity medications are recommended for patients who have failed to achieve and maintain clinically significant weight loss with lifestyle interventions.

S-309309 is a novel inhibitor of monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 (MGAT2) that is being developed as an oral treatment for obesity as an adjunct to a reduced calorie diet and increased physical activity for chronic weight management in adults. The currently available FDA-approved therapies are limited by inadequate weight loss, complications from side effects, and obesity relapse [Williams 2020]. Thus, there remains an unmet need for improved pharmacologic interventions to aid in the treatment of obesity and chronic weight management.

Monoacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2 catalyzes the synthesis of 2 major hydrolysis products of dietary fat, diacylglycerol and monoacylglycerol [Shi 2009], and is highly expressed in the small intestine, and is the rate-limiting enzyme in the triacylglycerol resynthesis pathway [Take 2016, Mochida 2020]. Studies reported in the literature have shown that MGAT2-knockout mice exhibited increased thermogenic energy expenditure and lower risk of developing obesity, fatty liver, hyperlipidemia, and glucose intolerance under a chronic high-fat feeding condition [Shi 2009, Mochida 2020]. S-309309 is a novel inhibitor of MGAT2 being developed as an oral treatment for obesity and as an adjunct to diet and exercise for chronic weight management and maintenance in adult patients who are obese (body mass index [BMI] ≥ 30 kg/m2).

This Phase 2 study will evaluate multiple doses of S-309309 compared with placebo in obese adult participants for 6 months. While the data from the first- in-human Phase 1 study (Study 2018N1111) indicated that S-309309 was safe and well tolerated in the study participants, the efficacy profile for S-309309 has not been established in a clinical setting. This study will explore the efficacy of S-309309. All participants enrolled in the Phase 2 study may benefit from trial participation, including lifestyle interventions, consisting of diet, physical activity, counseling by a dietician or other qualified healthcare professional, and regular monthly visits, all of which may result in durable weight management.
	Objectives
	Primary 

	To evaluate the efficacy of S-309309 on body weight

	Secondary

	To evaluate the efficacy of S-309309 on body weight, waist circumference, waist/hip ratio, BMI, glucose metabolism parameters, cardiovascular risk factors, and body composition (% fat mass versus % lean mass) as assessed by DEXA scan
	To evaluate the safety and tolerability of S-309309
	To evaluate the PK of daily doses of S-309309 
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on cardiovascular biomarkers

	Exploratory

	To explore the effect of S-309309 on liver composition 
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on physical function 
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on satiety responsiveness
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on food preference
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on weight loss
	To explore the effect of S-309309 on patient-reported outcome of health status

	Investigational Plan
	Overall Study Design and Plan

This is a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, dose ranging, placebo- controlled study in obese adult participants comparing S-309309 with placebo. The target population will consist of male and female participants ≥18 years of age who are obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m2). 

The study will consist of 3 periods: a Screening Period of up to 4 weeks, a Treatment Period of 24 weeks, and a Follow-up Period of 4 weeks. The maximum length of time a participant can be in the study will be approximately 32 weeks. 

Study participants will be randomized 1:1:1:1 to 1 of the 4 intervention groups, with sex assigned at birth as a stratification factor. S-309309 (3, 10, or 30 mg) or placebo will be administered once daily for 24 weeks. Approximately 80 obese eligible study participants will be treated in each of the 4 intervention groups during the Treatment Period of the study. The lifestyle interventions will include 500 kcal deficit per day relative to the estimated total energy expenditure (TEE) calculated once at randomization plus a specified exercise goal (150 minutes/week). These interventions will be initiated at randomization after eligibility is confirmed. The treatment periods are as follows and are also depicted in Figure 1:

Screening Period (Days -28 to -1): Potential study participants will be assessed for eligibility during a 4-week Screening Period. Participants who are eligible for enrollment following screening will return to the site on Day 1.

Treatment Period (Days 1 to 168): Eligible participants based on screening assessments will be randomized to 1 of 4 intervention groups: S-309309 3 mg, S-309309 10 mg,
S-309309 30 mg, or placebo. Treatment duration in each group will be 24 weeks. Participants will receive regular monitoring and advice on diet and physical activity (“lifestyle modifications”) as part of their site visits throughout the study.

Follow-up Period (Days 169 to 196): Following completion of the Treatment Period, participants will have a 4-week Follow-up Period with monitoring for safety and a Follow-up Visit 4 weeks after the last dose.

The treatment duration of the study is 24 weeks with an additional 4-week Follow-up Period (without study intervention). 

A participant is considered to have completed the study when he/she has completed all periods of the study including Visit 10 (Day 196) in the Follow-up Period. The end of the study is defined as the date of the last visit of the last participant in the study.
 
Figure 1 Study Schematic

Screening Period	Treatment Period	Follow-up Period




Up to 4 weeks	Administration of study intervention: S-309309 3, 10, or 30 mg or matching placebo QD	



4 weeks
	
24 weeks	
Screening Visit	Visit 2
(onsite visit)	Visits 3 and 4 (onsite/home visit [Visit 3], onsite visit [Visit 4])
Every 2 weeksc	Visits 5 through 9
(onsite/home visits [Visits 5, 7, and 8], onsite visits
[Visits 6 and 9])
Every 4 weeksc	Visit 10
(onsite visit)
(Visit 1) 
(onsite visit)				
	Randomization and			Follow-up visit
Screening Visit up
to 4 weeks prior to
Day 1a	first doseb			4 weeks after last dosed
Days −28 to −1
(Weeks -4 to 0)	
Day 1	Days 14 to 168 (Weeks 2 to 24)	Days 169 to 196 (Week 28)
			
QD = once daily
Participants must attend scheduled Visits 1, 2, 4, 6, 9, and 10 onsite.
It is recommended that the participant has onsite clinic visits for Visits 3, 5, 7, and 8 as these visits include PK blood sampling; however, there  is an option to conduct these visits at home to help ease the burden for the participant if the participant is unable to come to the clinic. At a home visit, PK sampling will be performed, if possible.
a     Participants who are eligible for enrollment following screening will return to the site on Day 1.
b     Eligible participants based on screening assessments will be randomized in a 1:1:1:1 ratio to receive either
S-309309 3, 10, or 30 mg or placebo starting on Day 1.
c     Participants will receive regular assessment/counseling on diet and physical activity (“lifestyle
interventions”) as part of their visits throughout the study.
d	After completion of the Treatment Period, participants will have a 4-week Follow-up Period with monitoring for safety and a Follow-up Visit 4 weeks after the last dose.

	Study Endpoints
	Primary

	The percent change from baseline in body weight at Week 24

	Key Secondary

	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of ≥ 5% from baseline at Week 24

	Other Secondary

Efficacy
	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of ≥ 10% from baseline at Week 24
	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of ≥ 15% from baseline at Week 24
	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of ≥ 20% from baseline at Week 24
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in waist circumference
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in waist/hip ratio
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in BMI
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in glucose metabolism parameters (HbA1c, FPG, and HOMA-IR)
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in cardiovascular risk factors (blood pressure and fasting lipids [HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, and triglycerides])
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in body composition (total fat mass [%, kg], lean body mass [%, kg], visceral fat mass [%, kg]) as assessed by DEXA scan




Safety/Tolerability
	TEAEs
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in clinical laboratory tests (hematology, clinical chemistry and urinalysis), vital sign measurements (body temperature, pulse
rate, respiratory rate, and blood pressure), and ECG parameters
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in ophthalmologic assessments (LOCS III, BCVA, refractive power and intraocular pressure)

PK
	Plasma concentrations during treatment

Cardiovascular Biomarkers
	Change from baseline at Week 24 for adiponectin, hsCRP, and leptin

	Exploratory

Liver Composition
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in liver composition (liver fat) as assessed by Fibroscan

Physical Function
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in physical function domain (5-items) score using the IWQOL-Lite for CT

Satiety Responsiveness
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in satiety responsiveness using the AEBQ

Food Preference
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in Food Preference Questionnaire

Weight Loss
	Percent of participants who achieve BMI of <30 kg/m2 at Week 24

Patient-Reported Outcome of Health Status
	Change from baseline at Week 24 in SF-36 score

	Treatments and Interventions 

	Study Intervention

Study intervention attributes are as follows:

Table 1  Study Interventions
Study Intervention	S-309309	Placebo
Dosage formulation	Capsules 	Capsule

Unit dose strengths	Unit doses:
1 and 10 mg	Unit doses:
1 and 10 mg

Dosage levels	3, 10, or 30 mg (provided as 3 capsules per dose to maintain blind)	Matching placebo (provided as
3 capsules per dose to maintain blind)
Physical description	Size 4, white HPMC capsule	Size 4, white HPMC capsule
Route of administration	Oral	Oral






Dosing instructions	Three capsules daily with or without food, preferably at the same time each day on all treatment days except on scheduled visit days when a blood sample is collected for determination of plasma drug concentration; on visit days, the dose of study intervention is to be taken after the sample has been collected.	Three capsules daily with or without food, preferably at the same time each day on all treatment days except on scheduled visit days when a blood sample is collected for determination of plasma drug concentration; on visit days, the dose of study intervention is to be taken after the sample has been collected.

Sourcing	Provided centrally by the sponsor	Provided centrally by the sponsor

Packaging and labeling	60 S-309309 capsules will be packaged in wallets labeled per country requirements	60 placebo capsules will be packaged in wallets labeled per country requirements
HPMC = hydroxypropyl methylcellulose

Dose justification is detailed in section 4.3 of the study protocol. 

	Lifestyle Intervention

All participants will receive nutritional and physical activity counseling. Counseling will be performed by a dietician or other qualified healthcare professional every month during a study site visit or via phone contact.

The lifestyle interventions will include 500 kcal deficit per day relative to the estimated TEE calculated at randomization plus a specified exercise goal (150 minutes/week). At Visit 2 (Randomization Visit), participants will receive diet counseling by a qualified dietician or other qualified healthcare professional according to local standard, with an energy deficit of approximately 500 kcal/day compared with the participant’s estimated TEE.

The TEE will be calculated by multiplying the estimated Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR in kcal/day) with a Physical Activity Level value of 1.3. If a participant reaches a BMI of ≤ 22.5 kg/m2, the TEE should be recalculated using the same body weight (or most recent body weight) that yielded a BMI of ≤ 22.5 kg/m2 with no kcal deficit (maintenance diet) for the remainder of the trial. If the participant regains weight and has a BMI of > 22.5 kg/m2, the TEE should be recalculated again using the process described in the protocol. See Clinical Protocol Section 5.3 and Table 5-1 for more details.

	Dose Adjustment/Modifications

Dose modifications will not be permitted in this study.
	General Statistical Considerations

This section presents general rules for the derivation and reporting of study data. If a subsequent section related to a specific derivation or analysis differs from this general guidance, the subsequent section takes precedence.

Continuous data will be described using descriptive statistics (i.e., number of participants, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum). Categorical data will be described using the participant count and percentage in each category.

Mean, standard deviation and medians will be reported to 1 decimal place beyond the number of decimal places with which the original endpoint is presented.  Standard deviation will be displayed to two levels of precision greater than the original data. For the summary statistics of all numerical variables, unless otherwise specified, minimum and maximum will be displayed to the same level of precision as the original data. 

When count data are presented, the percentage will be suppressed when the count is zero. A row denoted “Missing” will be included in count tabulations where specified on the shells to account for missing values. The denominator for all percentages will be the number of participants in that treatment within the analysis set of interest, unless otherwise specified.  Percentages will be presented to one decimal place except for the display of 100% frequency which will be displayed as ‘XX (100)’.

P-values will be reported to four decimal places. P-values that are less than 0.0001 will be reported as “< 0.0001”. In addition, p-values that are greater than 0.9999 will be reported as “> 0.9999”. Confidence intervals will be displayed to one level of precision greater than the data as collected. All hypothesis tests and confidence intervals (CIs) will be 2-sided. An alpha of 0.05 will be used for all statistical testing, unless otherwise stated. In pairwise comparisons, multiplicity adjustment will not be performed since this study is not a pivotal study.

In general, all tables will be presented by intervention group. Unless specified, study data will be presented in by-participant listings. All participant data collected at scheduled and unscheduled visits will be presented in individual participant data listings. When no data are available for a table or listing, an empty page with the title will be produced with suitable text (e.g., “No data available for this report.”). 

Baseline is defined as the last observed value for the assessment prior to taking the first dose of investigational product (based on dates or date/times) unless otherwise stated. 

Study day will be calculated relative to the first dose as shown below (unless otherwise specified): 
	Day 1 is defined as the First Dose Date
	Assessments before the First Dose Date: Study Day = Assessment Date – First Dose Date
	Assessments on or after the First Dose Date: Study Day = Assessment Date – First Dose Date +1

Unless otherwise specified, percent change will be defined as:

% change = ((value at Week X^a-value at baseline))/(value at baseline)*100
aWeek X visit is a visit that occurred after baseline

Unless otherwise stated, missing data will not be imputed.
For summaries, participants will be counted only once for each scheduled visit. All scheduled and unscheduled assessments will be remapped according to the visit windows specified in the protocol (see Section 14.1 and Table 2 below). Summaries or analyses by study visit will be based on data collected at mapped scheduled visits i.e., all visits remapped according to visit windows. Presentation of study visits in summaries and listings will be as ‘Week X’.

In the event that more than one observation is recorded within one of these windows, then, among these records within the window, the record occurring at the scheduled visit in the CRF will be used.  If no records occurred at the scheduled visit within the window, then records occurring at any unscheduled visits within the visit window will be considered, and the record occurring closest in time to the target visit day will be used. Results that are recorded at an Early Termination visit may be summarized at a scheduled visit if the Early Termination visit falls within the window for the scheduled visit, and the scheduled visit has not occurred.

Table 2 General Analysis Visit Windows

Week	Target Day	Window Start Day	Window End Day
Week -4/Visit 1/Screening	-28 to -1		
Week 0/Visit 2/Randomization	1		
Week 2/Visit 3/Day 14	14	11	17
Week 4/Visit 4/ Day 28	28	23	33
Week 8/Visit 5/ Day 56	56	51	61
Week 12/Visit 6/ Day 84	84	79	89
Week 16/Visit 7/ Day 112 	112	107	117
Week 20/Visit 8/ Day 140	140	135	145
Week 24/Visit 9/ Day 168	168	163	173
Week 28/Visit 10/ Day 196	196	191	201


All analyses and tabulations will be performed by using SAS® Version 9.4 or higher.
	Sample Size

Approximately 80 obese adult study participants will be randomized (1:1:1:1) into
each of the 4 intervention groups: S-309309 3 mg, S-309309 10 mg, S-309309 30 mg, or placebo, with sex assigned at birth as a stratification factor.

For sample size calculation, the mean difference in the primary endpoint of the percent of body weight change between the S-309309 and placebo group at Week 24 and the SD of the primary endpoint are assumed to be 5.0% and  9.0%. Under this assumption, the required sample size per group is calculated to be  52 to detect the assumed mean difference in the comparison between each S-309309 and placebo group with 80% power with a 2-sided significance level of 0.05. Assuming a 35% dropout rate, 320 participants in total (80 participants per group) will be enrolled.

	Randomization, Stratification, and Blinding

Participants will be randomized in a 1:1:1:1 allocation to the 4 treatment groups (treatment described in detail in Section 3.3). The randomization will be stratified by sex assigned at birth in order to achieve an approximate balance of sex distribution among the 4 intervention groups and will be performed by Interactive Response Technology (IRT).

The study will be conducted in a double-blind manner.  The investigator and/or designees (other than the unblinded site pharmacist, who will be responsible for the dispensation of all study intervention and will endeavor to ensure that there are no differences in time taken to dispense following randomization) will remain blinded to each participant’s assigned study intervention throughout the study until data lock. Cardiovascular biomarker data will also be blinded until the study has been unblinded. Drug concentration information that may unblind the study will not be reported to investigative sites or blinded personnel until the study has been unblinded.

In case of an emergency, the investigator will have the sole responsibility for determining if unblinding of a participant’s study intervention assignment is warranted. Participant’s safety must always be the first consideration in making such a determination. If the investigator decides that unblinding is warranted, the investigator should make every effort to contact the sponsor prior to unblinding a participant’s study intervention assignment, unless this could delay further management of the participant. If a participant’s study intervention assignment is unblinded, the sponsor must be notified within 24 hours after breaking the blind. The date and reason that the blind was broken must be recorded in the source documentation and the eCRF.

Selected unblinded sponsor or delegate members or auditor(s), in the event of a Quality Assurance audit, will be allowed access to unblinded study intervention records at the site to verify that randomization/dispensing has been done accurately.

Sponsor safety staff may unblind the intervention assignment for any participant with a SAE. If the SAE requires that an expedited regulatory report be sent to 1 or more regulatory agencies, a copy of the report, identifying the participant’s intervention assignment, may be sent to investigators in accordance with local regulations and/or sponsor policy.

	Analysis Set

	All Enrolled

The All Enrolled Population consists of all participants who signed the ICF for this study. 

	Randomized 

The Randomized Population consists of all participants who were randomized in the study. Participants will be included in the analyses according to the randomized intervention.

	Modified Intent-to-Treat (mITT) 

The Modified Intent-to-Treat (mITT) Population consists of all randomized participants who take at least 1 dose of study intervention. Participants will be included in the analyses according to the randomized intervention. The mITT Population will be used to analyze endpoints related to the efficacy objectives as the primary population for the efficacy analysis. 

	Safety (SAF)

The Safety Population (SAF) consists of all participants who are exposed to study intervention. Participants will be analyzed according to the intervention they actually received. SAF will be used to analyze the endpoints and assessments related to safety.

	PK Concentration (PKC)

The PK Concentration (PKC) Population includes all enrolled participants who received at least 1 dose of S-309309 and had at least 1 evaluable concentration of S-309309. This population will be used for the concentration listing as well as for plotting of the concentration-time data and the concentration summary. 

	Missing Start and Stop Dates

Prior/Concomitant Medications

For inclusion in prior and/or concomitant medications tables, the question “Started prior to start of study medication?” (Yes, No) on the Prior or Concomitant Medications case report form (CRF) page will be considered and incomplete medication start and stop dates will be imputed as follows. 
Missing start dates (where UK, UKN and UNKN indicate unknown or missing day, month and year respectively): 
	UK-MMM-YYYY: If the month and year are different from the month and year of the first dose of study drug, assume 01-MMM-YYYY. If the month and year are the same as the first dose of study drug month and year and the end date (after any imputation) is on or after the first dose of study drug, then assume the date of the first dose of study drug. If the month and year are the same as the first dose of study drug month and year and the end date (after any imputation) is prior to the first dose of study drug, then assume the end date for the start date;
	DD-UKN-YYYY/UK-UKN-YYYY: If the year is different from the year of the first dose of study drug, assume 01-JAN-YYYY of the collected year. If the year is the same as the first dose of study drug year and the end date (after any imputation) is on or after the first dose of study drug, then assume the date of the first dose of study drug. If the year is the same as the first dose of study drug and the end date (after any imputation) is prior to the first dose of study drug, then assume the end date for the start date.

Missing stop dates (where UK, UKN and UNKN indicate unknown or missing day, month and year respectively): 
	UK-MMM-YYYY: Assume the last day of the month;
	DD-UKN-YYYY/UK-UKN-YYYY: Assume 31-DEC-YYYY.

Adverse Events

Missing adverse event (AE) start dates will be imputed in a similar manner as prior/concomitant medications. 
For inclusion in AE and TEAE counts, the question “Period of onset? (Prior to first dose of study treatment, After first dose of study treatment)” on the Adverse Event CRF page will be considered and missing or incomplete AE start dates will be imputed in a similar manner as prior/concomitant medications. Missing adverse event stop dates will not be imputed.

	Participant Disposition

	Disposition


Participant disposition will be displayed for the All Enrolled Population. The number and proportion of participants who screened, who screen failed, who were randomized, who were randomized and treated, who received study intervention, who completed study intervention, who discontinued study intervention, who completed the study, and who prematurely discontinued the study will be summarized by intervention group. In addition, reasons leading to screen failure, study intervention discontinuation, and study discontinuation will be summarized by intervention group. 

In a separate table, the number and proportion of participants included and excluded from each analysis population (i.e. Randomized, mITT, SAF, and PKC) will be summarized.

Participant disposition will be listed. 

	Protocol Deviations

Protocol deviations are identified throughout the duration of the study and before database lock and categorized as Significant/Not Significant following the study specific Deviation Rules Document. 

The number and percentage of participants with significant protocol deviations will be summarized by category within intervention group for the Randomized Population. All protocol deviations will be listed for the Randomized Population.  

	Demographics and Baseline Characteristics
	Demographics

Demographics and baseline characteristics will be summarized by intervention group using descriptive statistics for the mITT.

The following demographic and baseline characteristics will be summarized:
	Age (years) as integrated from IRT
	Categorical Age (years): 18-64, 65-74, >=75
	Sex at birth (male, female) as integrated from IRT
	Ethnicity (Not Hispanic/Latino, Hispanic/Latino, Not Reported, Unknown)
	Race (American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White, Unknown, Other)
	Height (cm) 
	Weight (kg)
	BMI (kg/m2)
	Basal Metabolic Rate (BMR, kcal/day)
	Total Energy Expenditure (TEE)
	Waist Circumference (cm)
	Hip Circumference (cm)
	Waist/Hip Ratio

Demographic and baseline data will be provided in data listings. 

	Medical History
	General Medical History

Medical history will include a review of prior therapies taken 90 days prior to the Screening Visit. Medical histories will be summarized by intervention group for the mITT. Medical history will be collected at the Screening/Randomization Visit and will be coded using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) Version 26.0 or later. The medical history will be summarized by intervention group, system organ class (SOC) and preferred term (PT). 

Participants with medical histories and complications will be also listed.

	Treatments and Medications/Procedures
	Prior and Concomitant Medications/Procedures

Medications will be coded using the World Health Organization (WHO) Drug Dictionary (Mar 2023 or later). Procedures will be coded using MedDRA Version 26.0 or newer.

Any medication or vaccine (including over-the-counter or prescription medicines, recreational drugs, vitamins, and/or herbal supplements) that the participant is receiving within 14 days before the start of study intervention until completion of the Follow-up/Early Termination Visit must be recorded in the eCRF.

Prior and concomitant medications/procedures will be summarized in separate tables.

The number and percent of patients in the mITT using prior and concomitant medications will be tabulated (by intervention group and overall) by default Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) Level 2 and PT. In summary tables, medications are sorted by overall decreasing frequency of ATC Level 2 class and then by decreasing frequency of PT.

Prior and concomitant procedures will be tabulated for each intervention group and overall by SOC and PT. In summary tables, procedures are sorted by overall decreasing frequency of SOC and then by decreasing frequency of PT.

At each level of summarization (eg, ATC class or PT), a patient is counted once if they reported one or more medications/procedures at that particular level.

Detailed listings of all prior and concomitant medications/procedures will also be provided.


	Prior Medications/Procedures

Prior medications/procedures are defined as medications/procedures with a start date within 14 days prior to the start date of study intervention.

	Concomitant Medications/Procedures

Concomitant medications are defined as medications administered on or after administration of the first dose of study intervention on Day 1 through completion of the Follow-up/Early Termination Visit.

A concomitant procedure is defined as any procedure with a start date between the date of first dose of study intervention and date of Follow-up/Early Termination visit, inclusive. 

	Prior Obesity Medications

Any medication for the treatment of obesity that the participant received prior to this
study must be recorded in the eCRF. Prior obesity medications will be reported on the Prior Obesity Medications eCRF. 

Prior obesity medications will be summarized as described in Section 7.1.

	Prohibited Medications

The use of medications associated with weight changes will be prohibited within 90 days prior to the Screening Visit until the completion of the Follow-up/Early Termination Visit. These include: 

	Drugs approved for the treatment of obesity
	Cyproheptadine or medroxyprogesterone
	Atypical antipsychotic drugs
	Tricyclic antidepressants
	Lithium, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, glucocorticoids
	Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors
	Antiepileptic drugs
	Stimulants (amphetamines)

In addition, concomitant or previous steroid treatments (including eye-drops, inhalers, and nebulizers) for a total of ≥ 15 days during the 24 weeks prior to the Screening Visit until the completion of the Follow-up/Early Termination Visit will be prohibited. Prohibited Concomitant Therapy Medications will be reported on the Prohibited Concomitant Therapy Medications eCRF.

Prior and concomitant prohibited medications will be summarized as described in Section 7.1.

	Study Treatments

	Extent of Exposure

The following exposure information will be summarized for each intervention group and overall using descriptive statistics for the SAF: 
	Duration of exposure(days): date of last dose – date of first dose +1, regardless of study drug interruption.
	Categorical cumulative exposure: ≥4 weeks, ≥ 8 weeks, ≥12 weeks, ≥16 weeks, ≥20 weeks, and ≥24 weeks. 

A summary of each participant’s exposure will be presented in a listing. 

	Treatment Compliance and Modifications

Summary statistics for compliance with study intervention administration will be presented by intervention group and overall for the mITT. Overall Compliance will be derived according to the formula below, where the total number of capsules expected to be taken is defined as: expected duration of exposure * 3 and the total number of capsules dispensed and returned are derived using such fields  from the Study Intervention Administration eCRF. Expected duration of exposure is to be derived as described in Section 7.2.1 above. 

Overall Compliance (%)=  ((Total number of capsules dispensed - Total number of capsules returned))/(Total number of capsules expected to be taken) x 100

A participant is considered to have demonstrated adequate compliance if overall study drug compliance is between 80% and 100% inclusive. The number and percentages of participants in each compliance category (<80%, 80-100% (inclusive), >100%) will be presented by intervention group and overall. 

A summary of each participant’s compliance will be presented in a listing.

	Nutritional and Physical Activity Counseling

As a part of the lifestyle modification, nutritional and physical activity data will be collected at Week 0 and Weeks 3 to 9. Analyses will be performed on the mITT only. 

The number and percentage of participants who were compliant to each the exercise goal (150 minutes/week) and the nutrition goal (500 kcal deficit per day relative to TEE) will be summarized by visit and intervention group. The number and percentage of participants who were overall compliant will be summarized as well by week visit. Overall compliance at each visit is defined as compliant to both exercise and kcal deficit at least 80% of the time; otherwise, the participant will be considered overall non-compliant. If a participant’s BMI has reached <=22.5 kg/m2, a participant will be considered nutrition (i.e. met nutrition goal) and as applicable overall compliant (also met exercise compliance) if the participant follows a maintenance diet at each respective visit. 


Nutritional and physical data will be listed.
	Efficacy Analysis

All analyses will be completed on the mITT unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise specified, all assessment scores used for their respective analyses will be analyzed “as is” i.e. use provided scores as derived by eCOA and captured within the EDC system.

All relevant data will be listed. 

	Primary Efficacy Endpoint: Percent Change from Baseline to Week 24 in Body Weight

The primary efficacy endpoint is percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight (kg). Body weight will be assessed at all visits i.e. Week -4 to 28/ET (Early Termination). Body weight must be measured without shoes, with an empty bladder, and only wearing light clothing. Using standardized procedures, 2 measurements will be taken 1 or 2 minutes apart; the average of these 2 measurements should be recorded in the eCRF.

A summary table will display summary statistics of observed body weight values, raw change from baseline, and percent change from baseline by intervention group for each visit. . 

	Primary Estimand: Percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight under the assumption that participants complete study treatment

The primary efficacy estimand is percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight (kg) under the assumption that the participants complete the study treatment. The primary estimand will be defined by the following attributes described in Table 2. 

Table 2 Summary of the Primary Estimand


Primary Estimand	Percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight (kg) under the assumption that the participants complete the study treatment
Primary Endpoint	Percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight (kg)
Analysis population	Modified Intent-to-treat Population






Handling of intercurrent events	Expected intercurrent events
a.	Use of rescue or prohibited medication prior to Week 24 but remained in the study
b.	Discontinuation of study treatment prior to Week 24 for any reason but remained in the study
c.    Withdrawal from the study prior to Week 24 for any reason Intercurrent events will be handled using hypothetical strategy as follows: For participants with intercurrent events a, b, and c, it will be assumed
that they remained on their randomized treatment without any use of
rescue or prohibited medication for the entire planned duration of the study and not withdrawn for any reason.

Summary measure	Mean difference between each S-309309 dose and placebo in percent change from baseline to Week 24 in body weight (kg)

The occurrence of any and each type of intercurrent event as defined in Table 2 prior to Week 4, Week 12, and Week 24 will be summarized [n(%)] by treatment group and overall for the mITT. Intercurrent events will also be listed. 

	Main Estimation of Primary Estimand: Hypothetical Strategy

The null hypothesis is that there is no difference in effect of each S-309309 dose compared to placebo on the percent change from baseline in weight at Week 24. A mixed model with repeated measurements (MMRM) will be applied to all percent change of body weight data observed at each scheduled time point up to and including Week 24. The MMRM will include intervention group, time point, and intervention group by time point as fixed effects; sex assigned at birth and baseline body weight will be covariates. The outcome is percent change in body weight from baseline. Participant will be a random effect. The covariance structure will be given as unstructured, and degrees of freedom will be derived using the Kenward-Roger method. If the model fails to converge using the unstructured covariance structure, the following covariance structures will be applied in the listed order until convergence is achieved: 1) Toeplitz with heterogeneity, 2) Toeplitz, 3) Autoregressive (1), 4) Compound Symmetry.  

The intercurrent event “a” and “b” in Table 2 will be treated according to the hypothetical strategy: body weight measured after use of rescue or prohibited medication prior to Week 24 or discontinuation of study treatment will not be used in the MMRM.

With this model, the percent change at Week 24 will be compared between each S-309309 dose group and the placebo group among the mITT. The primary analysis will summarize each of the three pairwise comparisons (i.e. mean difference between each S-309309 group and placebo) to include: the estimate and standard error (SE) for intervention effect at Week 24, the 95% confidence interval (CI) of the effect, and the p-value derived from the model. From the same MMRM model, the latter three estimates will also be provided for scheduled time points prior to Week 24 (i.e., Weeks 2 to 20). The time course of the intervention effect for each treatment group will be plotted with the mean and 95% confidence interval.


	Supplemental Analyses: Treatment Policy Strategy

To explore the intervention effects irrespective of intercurrent events, the primary endpoint will also be evaluated using an MMRM as described in Section 8.2.2 with the treatment policy strategy applied to address intercurrent events. For participants with intercurrent events categorized as “a” and “b” in Table 2, all observed percent change of body weight data will be used in the MMRM, even if the observed data occurred after the intercurrent event. For participants with intercurrent events categorized as “c” in Table 2, a reference-based multiple imputation approach, copy reference (CR), will be used to consider a missing-not-at-random (MNAR) mechanism for the monotone missing data. Mean changes from baseline in percent change of body weight will be analyzed based on data observed while the participant remains on study as well as data imputed using multiple imputation (MI) methodology for time points at which no value is observed.
Imputation of values in the reference (control) arm will assume missing at random (MAR). Imputation of values in the experimental arm(s) will be done as if the participant had been a member of the reference arm. Imputed values in the experimental arm will be sampled using the imputation model of the reference arm, i.e., conditional on participant values observed at time points prior to discontinuation relative to the mean of the model for the reference arm. This approach does not assume a sustained benefit of experimental treatment after discontinuation and limits a post-discontinuation effect to that of reference drug and trial effect as reflected in estimated correlations between time points in the reference arm.
The monotone missing data after the date of withdrawal will be imputed using sequential regression multiple imputation model estimated based on data from the reference (control) arm only. Each sequential regression model (i.e., for imputation of values at a given time point) will include explanatory variables for sex at birth and all previous (Baseline, Week 2,…,24) values of percent change of body weight. Missing values at a given time point in reference and experimental arms will be imputed from the same imputation model, conditional on participant values observed or imputed at previous time points. No rounding or range restrictions will be applied to imputed continuous values. Imputed data will consist of 100 imputed datasets. The random seed number for the sequential regression multiple imputation will be 56823. 
Each of the 100 imputed datasets will be analyzed using the following analysis method. Change in percent change of body weight from baseline to each post-baseline week (visit) will be calculated based on observed and imputed data. The MMRM model as described in Section 8.2.2  will be applied. Intervention group comparison at Week 24 will be based on the least squares mean (LSM) difference between treatment groups in change from baseline in percent change of body weight estimated by the analysis model in each of the imputed datasets. Results from analysis of each imputed dataset, i.e., LSM treatment differences and their standard errors, will be combined using Rubin’s imputation rules to produce a pooled LSM estimate of treatment difference, its 95% confidence interval, and a pooled p-value for the test of null hypothesis of no treatment effect.
	Other Analyses

	Sensitivity Analysis: 

MMRM (no imputation): 

Using the primary endpoint, an MMRM model will be evaluated as described in Section 8.2.2. However, there will be no consideration for intercurrent events and therefore the MMRM model will include all available data up to and including Week 24 (no imputation).  

MMRM with MI aligned to Hypothetical Strategy: 
In handling the intercurrent events in Table 2 and missing data, we will apply MI (multiple imputation) assuming MAR (missing-at-random) approach aligned with the hypothetical strategy. For participants with intercurrent events categorized as “a” and “b” in Table 2, all observed percent change of body weight data experienced after the intercurrent event will not be used in this analysis. 
Missing percent change from baseline in weight data will be imputed using multiple imputation (MI) methodology for time points at which no value is observed. Multiple imputation will be performed under the assumption of MAR and will be implemented in two steps. 
First, partial imputation assuming MAR will be carried out to impute intermittent (non-monotone) missing data based on a multivariate joint Gaussian imputation model using the Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) method.  A separate imputation model will be used for each intervention arm. The imputation models will include explanatory variables for sex at birth and all previous (Baseline, Week 2,…,24) values of percent change of body weight. The MCMC method in the MI procedure in SAS will be used with multiple chains, 200 burn-in iterations, and a non-informative prior.  In case of non-convergence or non-estimability issues, a ridge prior and a single model will be considered with intervention arm added as explanatory variable to the model. 
Second, the remaining monotone missing data will be imputed using sequential regression multiple imputation, where a separate regression model is estimated for imputation of each variable (i.e., measurement at each time point). Each regression model will include explanatory variables for sex at birth, intervention group and all previous (Baseline, Week 2, …, 24) values of percent change. 
No rounding or range restrictions will be applied to imputed continuous values.
Imputed data will consist of 100 imputed datasets. The random seed number for partial imputation with the MCMC method will be 24001, and the random seed number for the sequential regression multiple imputation will be 300011. 
Each of the 100 imputed datasets will be analyzed using the MMRM model specified in Section 8.2.2. and results will be pooled using Rubin’s imputation rules. Results from analysis of each imputed dataset will be combined using Rubin’s imputation rules to produce pooled estimates to test of null hypothesis of no treatment effect.

	Subgroup Analysis: 

For the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoint (described below), subgroup analysis will be performed to evaluate the respective endpoints among subgroups of participants for the mITT. For these analyses, the primary analysis method in Section 8.2.2  and key secondary method with treatment policy strategy as described in Section 8.3 will be repeated. Subgroups include:
	Sex (M, F)
	BMI (<35, ≥35)
	Prior obesity medications (Yes, No)
	Overall compliance (≥80, <80) as discussed in Section 7.2.3
	Age (≤50, >50)
	Race (as collected)

	Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoint: Proportion of participants who achieved a weight loss of >=5% from baseline at Week 24

	Secondary Estimand: Proportion of participants who achieved a weight loss of >=5% from baseline at Week 24 under the assumption that participants complete study treatment

The key secondary estimand is the proportion of participants who achieved a weight loss
of ≥5% from baseline at Week 24 under the assumption that participants complete study treatment. Intercurrent events are defined as described in Table 2. The analysis of key secondary endpoint will be conducted on the mITT. 


	Main Estimation (Primary Analysis) of Secondary Estimand: Hypothetical Strategy

For all available observed weight values, the proportion of participants with a weight loss of ≥5% from baseline at Week 24 will be analyzed using the LR method based on logistic regression. The LR method based on logistic regression [Ge et al. (2011), Steingrimsson et al.(2017), US Dept Health Human Services 2023] will include intervention group, sex at birth and baseline body weight as covariates. This model will be applied to derive estimates of the proportion of participants with weight loss of ≥5% from baseline at Week 24 to compare each S-309309 dose group and the placebo group. The risk difference, SE, 95% CI, and p-value of each intervention versus placebo difference will be estimated. 

The following are the steps to produce a statistically reliable method of covariate adjustment for an unconditional treatment effect with binary outcomes that produces a resulting estimator in Ge et al. (2011), Steingrimsson et al.(2017), US Dept Health Human Services 2023:

(1) Fit a logistic model with maximum likelihood that regresses the outcome on intervention assignments and prespecified baseline covariates (as described above). The model should include an intercept term. 

(2) For each participant, compute the model-based prediction of the probability of response under intervention in both the intervention group and placebo group using each participant’s specific baseline covariates.  

(3) Estimate the average response under intervention by averaging (across all participants in the trial) the probabilities estimated in Step 2.

(4) For each participant, compute the model-based prediction of the probability of response under placebo in both the intervention group and placebo group using each participant’s specific baseline covariates. 

(5) Estimate the average response under placebo by averaging (across all participants in the trial) the probabilities estimated in Step 4. 

(6) The estimates of average response rates in the four groups from Steps 3 and 5 can be used to estimate an unconditional treatment effect, such as the risk difference, relative risk, or odds ratio.

The SE and 95% CI of the estimated risk difference (for each intervention group) derived above in Steps 1-6 for will be estimated using the formulas and SAS macros provided in Ge et al. (2011).
The imputed datasets derived from the MI procedure described in Section 8.2.4 will be utilized. The percent change in weight values at Week 24 post-imputation will be dichotomized i.e. >=5%, <5% for all imputed datasets. The LR method based on logistic regression analysis will be performed (as described above in this section) on these datasets and results will be pooled using Rubin’s imputation rules. Results from analysis of each imputed dataset will be combined using Rubin’s imputation rules to produce pooled estimates to test of null hypothesis of no treatment effect. 
The same hypothetical strategy with LR analysis will be applied to the proportion of participants who achieved a weight loss of ≥5% from baseline at each scheduled time point during the double-blind period i.e. Week 2 to 24 (Treatment Period). For each week, the pooled estimates of risk difference (of study intervention) from placebo with SE, 95% CIs and p-value will be estimated.


	Supplemental Analysis: Treatment Policy Strategy

For a supplementary analysis, the treatment policy strategy will be utilized for the logistic regression analysis (LR analysis described above). Participants with missing body weight or who experienced the intercurrent events at Week 24 will be treated as not achieving a weight loss of ≥5% of weight reduction from baseline at Week 24. For each week, the pooled estimates of risk difference (of study intervention) from placebo with SE, 95% CIs and p-value will be estimated.

	Summary Statistics

The number and proportion of participants with a weight loss of ≥5% as compared to baseline will be summarized by visit and intervention group. The CIs of the proportions will also be presented and calculated using Clopper-Pearson’s method.

	Other Secondary Efficacy Endpoints
	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=10% from baseline

The proportion of participants with a weight loss of ≥10% will be summarized descriptively as described in Section 8.3.

LR analysis with the treatment policy strategy will be used as described in Section 8.3 to evaluate study intervention differences (as compared to placebo). Risk difference, SE, 95% CI, and p-value will be estimated for weight loss ≥10% for every timepoint during the Treatment Period i.e. Weeks 2 to 24 (as compared to baseline).  

	 Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=15% from baseline

This endpoint, proportion of participants achieving weight loss ≥15% from baseline at Week 24 will be analyzed in the same manner as the analysis described in Section 8.4.1. 

	Proportion of participants in each intervention group achieving a weight loss of >=20% from baseline

This endpoint, proportion of participants achieving weight loss ≥20% from baseline at Week 24 will be analyzed in the same manner as the analysis described in Section 8.4.1. 

	Change from baseline in waist circumference

Waist circumference will be recorded at all study weeks (-4 to 28/ET). The observed and change from baseline values in waist circumference will be summarized using descriptive statistics by visit and intervention group for the mITT. 

Change from baseline in waist circumference will be analyzed using the primary estimand framework (MMRM with hypothetical strategy) as described in Section 8.1.2 with baseline waist circumference covariate added to the MMRM model.

	Change from baseline in waist/hip ratio

Waist/hip ratio will be recorded at all study weeks (-4 to 28/ET). Change from baseline in waist/hip ratio will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.4 with baseline waist/hip ratio replacing the baseline waist circumference covariate in the MMRM model.

	Change from baseline in BMI

BMI will be calculated according to the online BMI calculator provided by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and is located at Calculate Your BMI - Standard BMI Calculator (nih.gov). BMI will be recorded at all study weeks (-4 to 28/ET). Change from baseline in BMI will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.4 with baseline BMI replacing the baseline waist circumference covariate in the MMRM model.

	Change from baseline in glucose metabolism parameters

Glucose metabolism parameters include HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and Homeostatic Model Assessment-Insulin Resistance Index (HOMA-IR). Glucose metabolism parameters will be collected at Weeks -4, 0, 12, 24, 28/ET. Samples will be collected after a fast of approximately 12 hours. The HOMA-IR computation will be based on the determination of FPG and insulin values. 

For each parameter, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.4 with the respective baseline parameter covariate replacing baseline waist circumference covariate for each parameter’s MMRM model. 

	Change from baseline in cardiovascular risk factors

Cardiovascular risk will be assessed by evaluation of blood pressure and the fasting lipids which include total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglycerides. After a fast of approximately 12 hours, a blood sample for total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, and triglycerides will be collected. At each visit, 3 consecutive readings for blood pressure will be recorded at an interval for at least 5 minutes. Cardiovascular risk factors will be collected as listed in the SoA (Appendix 14.1). 

For each parameter listed, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 

	Change from baseline at Week 24 in cardiovascular biomarkers

Cardiovascular biomarkers include: adiponectin, hsCRP, and leptin. After a fast of approximately 12 hours, a blood sample for hsCRP, adiponectin (total and high molecular weight) and leptin will be collected. Cardiovascular biomarkers will be collected as listed in the SoA (Appendix 14.1).

For each parameter listed, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 

	Change from baseline at Week 24 in body composition by DEXA Scan

Dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) will be used to assess changes in body composition. Body composition parameters include total fat mass [kg], percent total fat mass [%], total lean body mass [kg], percent lean body mass [%], regional visceral fat mass [%], and percent visceral fat mass [kg]. Body composition parameters will be collected at Study Week 0 and 24/ET. The DEXA scan should be performed after a fast of 6 hours.

For each body composition parameter listed above, observed and change from baseline values in body composition will be analyzed using descriptive statistics for the mITT.  Given that the DEXA scan is only completed at Week 0 (baseline) and Week 24/ET, change from baseline to Week 24 for each parameter will be analyzed using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) with fixed-effect of intervention group and covariates of baseline measurement of each parameter, sex at birth and baseline body weight. Using the ANCOVA model, differences in mean change in body composition parameter (for each study intervention) will be presented with SE, 95% CI, and p-value. 

	Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints 

	Change from baseline at Week 24 in liver composition (liver fat)

A Fibroscan is an imaging-based, non-invasive diagnostic test that evaluates liver fibrosis and steatosis (fat) using transient elastography technology. Liver fibrosis and steatosis (fat) will be evaluated by measuring the parameters of Vibration-Controlled Transient Elastography [kPa] and Controlled Attenuation Parameter [dB/m] , respectively. The Fibroscan will be performed at Week 0 and Week 24.

For each parameter listed, change from baseline in liver composition will be analyzed in a similar manner using an ANCOVA as described in Section 8.4.10.  

	Change from baseline in weight-related QoL using the IWQOL-Lite for CT

The Impact of Weight on Quality of Life-Lite for Clinical Trials (IWQOL-Lite for CT), Version 3.0 is a 20-item modified version of a questionnaire designed to assess the weight-related quality of life (QoL) [Kolotkin 2017]. Items are scored with 5-point graded response scales (1 = never, 2 = rarely, 3 = sometimes, 4 = usually, 5 = always; or 1 = not at all true, 2 = a little true, 3 = moderately true, 4 = mostly true, 5= completely true). Scores are obtained on 3 composite scales (Physical, Physical Function, and Psychosocial), as well as total score. Composite scores and total score range from 0 to 100, where 100 represents higher levels of functioning. 
For each score listed, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 
	Change from baseline in satiety responsiveness using the AEBQ

Appetitive traits will be assessed using the Adult Eating Behavior Questionnaire (AEBQ) [Hunot 2016]. The AEBQ is a self-reported questionnaire that consists of 35 items which are answered through a 5-point Likert scale, ranging from 1 (strongly disagree) to 5 (strongly agree). The items are categorized into 8 subscales (Enjoyment of food [EF], Emotional over-eating [EOE], Emotional under-eating [EUE], Food fussiness [FF], Food responsiveness [FR], Slowness in eating [SE], Hunger [H], Satiety responsiveness [SR]), which are further defined as Food Approach and Food Avoidant Behavior scales. The Food Approach scales are hunger, food responsiveness, emotional over-eating, and enjoyment of food. The Food Avoidance scales are satiety responsiveness, emotional undereating, food fussiness, and slowness in eating. 

Selected items are reverse scored i.e. 1 (strongly agree) to 5 (strongly disagree). Item means are to be calculated as each subscale score. No formal scores will be derived for the Food Approach and Food Avoidance scales as these are categorizations for the subscales. The AEBQ will be assessed at Weeks -4, 0, 4, 12, 24, and ET. 

For each scale listed, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 
	Change from baseline in food preference using the Food Preference Questionnaire

The self-administered Food Preference Questionnaire requires participants to rate their liking of 62 individual foods on a 5-point Likert scale, ranging from “not at all” to “a lot.” A higher score is indicative of a greater liking of a food. The food preference ratings can be grouped into six internally reliable categories: vegetables, fruits, meat/fish, dairy, snacks and starches. The Food Preference Questionnaire will be assessed at Weeks -4, 0, 4, 12, and 24/ET.

For each rating group, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 

	Percent of participants who achieve BMI of <30 kg/m2 

A summary table will include the number and percentage of participants who achieved a BMI of <30 kg/m2 or did not achieve a BMI of <30 kg/m2 i.e. BMI >=30 kg/m2 at each visit by intervention group. 

	Change from baseline in SF-36

The Short Form 36-item Health Survey (SF-36) Version 2 is a patient-reported measure of overall health status. The questionnaire consists of 8 scaled scores (health concepts) and evaluates vitality, physical functioning, bodily pain, general health perceptions, physical role functioning, emotional role functioning, social role functioning, and mental health. Scores for each scale range from 0 to 100; the lower the score, the greater the disability [Ware 1992, Medical Outcome Short Form (36) Health Survey]. The SF-36 will be assessed at Weeks 0, 12, 24, 28/ET. 

For each scale listed, change from baseline will be analyzed in the same manner described in Section 8.4.7. 

	Safety Analysis

All safety analyses will be conducted using the SAF.

Safety and tolerability will be evaluated based on AE monitoring, clinical laboratory test results/liver abnormalities, pregnancy testing, vital sign measurements (body temperature, pulse rate, respiratory rate, and blood pressure), physical examination findings, 12-lead ECG results, mental health assessments, and ophthalmologic assessment. 

	Adverse Events

An adverse event (AE) is any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or clinical study participant whether or not considered related to the study intervention. An AE can therefore be any unfavorable and unintended sign (including an abnormal laboratory finding), symptom, or disease (new or exacerbated). 

All AEs/SAEs will be collected from the date of signing of the ICF until the Follow-up or Early Termination Visit at the time points specified in the SoA (See Section 14.1). Treatment Emergent Adverse Events (TEAEs) are defined as adverse events that began after first administration of study drug or pre-existing adverse events that worsened following first administration of study drug. TEAEs will be used for the safety analyses. Adverse event missing/partial start dates will be imputed as described in Section 4.4. Adverse events will be classified by System Organ Class (SOC) and Preferred Term (PT) using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA), Version 26.0 or later.

In general, summaries will be provided by treatment group, SOC and PT. At each level of patient summarization (overall, SOC, PT), if a patient reports more than 1 AE that was coded to the same SOC or PT, the patient will be counted only once for that specific SOC or PT. 

	Incidence of Adverse Events

An overall summary of TEAEs will include the number and percentage of participants with at least 1 TEAE, serious TEAE, fatal and nonfatal serious TEAEs, treatment-related TEAEs, TEAEs leading to discontinuation of study intervention, and TEAEs leading to study discontinuation will be summarized by intervention group.

A separate table will present the number and percentage of participants with TEAEs by SOC and PT for each intervention group. 


All AEs collected during the study will be listed.  

	Relationship of Adverse Events to Study Drug

The relationship of an event to the study drug will be determined by the investigator or designee as “Related” or “Not Related”. Treatment-emergent AEs that are missing a relationship to study drug will be presented in summary tables as “Missing” and will be presented in patient listings with a missing relationship.

An overall summary of treatment-related TEAEs will be presented by intervention group and will include the number and percentage of participants with at least one treatment-related TEAE, any serious treatment-related TEAEs, any fatal treatment-related TEAEs, and any treatment-related TEAEs leading to discontinuation of study drug.  

The number and percentage of participants with treatment-related TEAEs will be presented by SOC and PT for each intervention group.
	Severity of Adverse Event

The severity of an event will be graded by the investigator or designee as:
Mild (Grade 1)
Moderate (Grade 2)
Severe (Grade 3)
Life Threatening (Grade 4)
Death (Grade 5)
Treatment-emergent AEs that are missing severity will be presented in summary tables as “Missing” and will be presented in patient listings with a missing severity.

The number and percentage of participants with TEAEs by highest (worst) level of severity will be presented by SOC and PT for each intervention group. For each severity level, a participant will only be counted once if they have reported multiple AE occurrences at either SOC or PT level. 

	Outcome of Adverse Event

The outcome of an event will be classified by the investigator or designee as:
	Recovered/Resolved
	Not Recovered/Not Resolved
	Recovered/Resolved with Sequelae
	Recovering/Resolving
	Fatal
	Unknown

 The number and percentage of participants with TEAEs by outcome will be presented by SOC and PT for each intervention group.
	Serious Adverse Events

An SAE is defined as any untoward medical occurrence that, at any dose, meets one or more of the criteria listed:
	Results in death
	Is life-threatening
	Requires inpatient hospitalization or prolongation of existing hospitalization
	Results in persistent or significant disability/incapacity
	Is a congenital anomaly/birth defect
	Other situations e.g. significant medical events that may jeopardize the participant or may require medical or surgical intervention

The number and percentage of participants with treatment-emergent SAEs will be presented by SOC and PT. Treatment-emergent SAEs will be listed as well.

	Adverse Events Leading to Intervention Discontinuation 

The number and percentage of participants with TEAEs leading to discontinuation of study intervention will be summarized by SOC and PT for each intervention group. All TEAEs leading to discontinuation of study intervention will be presented in a separate listing.

	Death 

All TEAEs with an outcome of death (fatal) will be listed.

	Adverse Events of Special Interest

No adverse events of special interest (AESIs) have been identified for this study.

	Clinical Laboratory Evaluations

All lab summaries will be performed for the SAF. 

All summaries will be based on conventional units. All tests detailed below will be performed by the central laboratory. All summaries will be based on the units provided by the central laboratory, no conversion will be done. Additional tests may be performed at any time during the study as determined necessary by the investigator or required by local regulations.

Abnormal laboratory test results will be defined as values outside the reference range. For test results that are abnormal during the Screening Period and significantly worsen following the study intervention, the investigator must also consider whether those results are clinically significant. Any test results considered clinically significant by the investigator are to be recorded as AEs. If an abnormal laboratory finding is associated with disease or organ toxicity, the investigator should report only the disease or organ toxicity as an AE.

For laboratory test results measured quantitatively, summary statistics will be calculated by intervention group for observed values and change from baseline at each visit. Additionally, maximum, and minimum post-baseline values (including unscheduled visits) and corresponding change from baseline will be presented. For qualitative results, the number and proportion of participants in each category will be summarized by visit. 

For all lab parameters, a graph of mean values and 95% CI over time will be presented by intervention group.

Listings of clinical laboratory data, including chemistry, hematology, and coagulation results, will be provided for the SAF. 

	Hematology

Hematology tests include: hemoglobin, hematocrit, mean corpuscular volume, mean corpuscular hemoglobin, mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration, % reticulocytes, neutrophil count (absolute and relative), lymphocyte count (absolute and relative), monocyte count (absolute and relative), eosinophil count (absolute and relative), basophil count (absolute and relative), and platelet count. 

Hematology tests will be performed at all visits (Weeks -4 to 28/ET).

Summary tables and listings will be presented as described in Section 9.2.

	Blood Chemistry

Blood chemistry tests include: albumin, alkaline phosphatase, amylase, ALT, AST, bilirubin (total, direct, and indirect), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), BUN/creatinine ratio, calcium, chloride, creatinine, creatine phosphokinase, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, gamma-glutamyl transferase, lactate dehydrogenase, lipase, phosphorus, potassium, sodium, total protein, urea, and uric acid. 

Other tests to be included are: Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) and Follicle-Stimulating Hormone (FSH).  

Blood chemistry tests including TSH tests are collected at all visits (Weeks -4 to 28/ET). The FSH test is collected at Week -4 (Visit 1) only.

FSH data will be listed. All other data will be presented as summary tables and listings as described in Section 9.2.

	Urinalysis

Urinalysis tests include: specific gravity, pH, color, appearance, glucose, proteins (quantitative), occult blood, nitrites, ketones, bilirubin. Microscopic examination of the sediment (casts, erythrocytes, leukocytes) may be obtained based on the investigator’s judgement in the event of significant abnormal findings.

Urinalysis tests are collected at all visits (Weeks -4 to 28/ET). 

Summary tables and listings will be presented as described in Section 9.2.

	Coagulation

Coagulation tests include: Activated partial thromboplastin time, INR, and prothrombin time. Coagulation tests are collected at all visits (Weeks -4 to 28/ET).  

Summary tables and listings will be presented as described in Section 9.2.

	Serology

Serology tests include: Hepatitis B surface antigen, Hepatitis C virus antibody, hepatitis C virus antibody RNA (optional), Human immunodeficiency virus 1 and 2 antibodies. 

Serology tests are collected at Weeks -4, 24, 28/ET. 

These data will be listed. 



	Pregnancy

Pregnancy testing (urine or serum as required by local regulations) should be conducted as specified in the SoA (Section 14.1). Additional serum or urine pregnancy tests may be performed, as determined necessary by the investigator or required by local regulation, to establish the absence of pregnancy at any time during the study.

Pregnancy test data will be listed.

	Abnormal Liver Function Tests

Discontinuation of study intervention for abnormal liver tests is required by the investigator when a participant meets 1 of the conditions outlined in the algorithm listed in Figure 7-1 of study protocol or in the presence of abnormal liver chemistries not meeting protocol-specified stopping rules if the investigator believes that it is in best interest of the participant. 

Liver chemistry stopping criteria will be defined for ALT, AST, INR, and Total Bilirubin.  An AST or ALT result >=5 x ULN; AST or ALT result >=3 x ULN persists for >=4 weeks; AST or ALT result >=3 x ULN and a total bilirubin value >=2 x ULN (>35% direct bilirubin);  AST or ALT result >=3 x ULN and INR > 1.5, if INR measured; ALT or AST >= 3 × ULN and cannot be monitored weekly for 4 weeks; ALT or AST >= 3 x ULN associated with symptoms (new or worsening) believed to be related to liver injury or hypersensitivity will be considered a liver chemistry stopping criteria. 

The number and percentage of participants experiencing each of these abnormalities and at least one of these abnormalities after the first dose of study drug up through Week 28 will be summarized by intervention group. A separate listing will present all ALT, AST, INR, and total bilirubin results for any participants with liver events.

	Vital Sign Measurements

Vital signs to be measured are: body temperature, pulse rate, respiratory rate, and blood pressure. For repeated pulse rate measurements at a single visit, the average will be used for summarization. Vital signs will be monitored at all visits, Weeks -4 to 28/ET. 

Summary statistics will be calculated by intervention group for observed and change from baseline values at each scheduled visit. 

A graph of mean and change from baseline vital sign values with 95% CI over time will be presented by treatment group.
All vital signs will be listed in the same listing. 

	Physical Examination

Complete physical examination will include, at a minimum, assessments of cardiovascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, and neurological systems. Height will be measured and recorded at the Screening Visit only and reported as described in Section 6.1. Complete physical examinations will be performed at Weeks -4, 0, 24, 28/ET. 

Symptom-directed physical examination includes any system examination based on the nature of a participant’s complaint and investigator evaluation. They will be collected during the treatment period i.e. Weeks 2 to 20.

A table will summarize physical examination results by intervention group for the SAF. The summary will include number and percentage of participants with physical examination outcome (Normal, Abnormal [Not Clinically Significant, Clinically Significant]) by intervention group. 

Physical examination results will be listed as well. 

	Electrocardiogram

A standard 12-lead ECG will be performed with the participant in a supine position using an ECG machine that automatically calculates heart rate and measures PR Interval (msec), QRS Duration (msec), QT Interval (msec), and QTcB interval (msec). ECGs will be performed at Weeks -4, 0, 4, 12, 24, and ET. 


A summary will present observed values and change from baseline for the ECG parameters listed above by intervention group for participants in the SAF. For continuous ECG parameters, a graph of mean values and 95% CI over time will be presented by intervention group for participants in the SAF. Furthermore, the number and percentage of participants with normal or abnormal ECG interpretations will be calculated by intervention group for each visit.

All ECG results and interpretations will be listed. 

	Mental Health Assessments

	Suicidal Ideation and Behavior Risk Monitoring

Participants being treated for obesity should be monitored appropriately and observed closely for suicidal ideation and behavior (SIB) or any other unusual changes in behavior. All participants will undergo a risk assessment using the C-SSRS [Posner 2011]. The C-SSRS is a detailed questionnaire assessing both suicidal behavior and suicidal ideation. The C-SSRS will be assessed at all visits except for Week 2 (Visit 3). All C-SSRS analyses will be performed on the SAF.

The outcomes of measurement are:
	Suicidal ideation: Categories 1 to 5 (each category has a binary Y/N response)
	Suicidal ideation score:  The maximum number of suicidal ideation categories present at each assessment. A score of 0 will be assigned if no ideation is present. Score ranges from 0 to 5. 
	Suicidal behavior: Categories 6 to 10 (each category has a binary Y/N response)
	Self-injurious behavior without suicidal intent: Y/N

A shift table will present the number and proportion of participants with demonstrated changes in C-SSRS categories from baseline to during treatment. The 10 categories from the suicidal ideation and suicidal behavior outcomes will be included. A participant will be considered to experience each suicidal ideation/behavior category during the treatment period if the participant reported experiencing it at any visit on or after the first dose. A participant will not be considered to experience the suicidal ideation/behavior category if the respective category did not report the category across ALL visits. Category data will be counted as ‘Missing’ during treatment if data is missing at a minimum of one visit and no suicidal ideation/behavior was experienced at any remaining non-missing visits during treatment. The denominator will include all subjects in the SAF.  

C-SSRS data will be listed.

	Depression Assessment

The Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) is a 9-item depression module of the patient health questionnaire, which is a self-administered diagnostic tool used for assessment of mental disorders [Kroenke 2001]. The PHQ-9 score can range from 0 to 27. A higher PHQ score corresponds to a higher severity of depression. The PHQ-9 will be assessed at all visits except for Week 2 (Visit 3).

Summary statistics for PHQ-9 scores will be calculated by intervention group for observed and change from baseline values at each scheduled visit.

PHQ-9 data will be listed.

	Ophthalmologic Assessment

Ophthalmology assessment will consist of the Lens Opacities Classification System III (LOCS III) as part of the slit-lamp examination for evaluation of lens opacity, evaluation of visual acuity (Best Corrected Visual Acuity [BCVA]), measurement of refractive power and measurement of intraocular pressure. The assessments will be completed at Weeks -4, 24, and ET (Visits 1, 9, ET). The following analyses will be completed:

Slit Lamp Examination: The number and percentage of participants with signs of inflammation/signal of previous inflammation will be presented by eye (right/left) and visit for each intervention group. 

LOCS III: LOCS III will be used to grade cataracts. The number and percentage of participants for each severity grade will be summarized by eye and visit for the following cataract systems: nuclear–opalescence, nuclear-colour, cortical, posterior subcapsular. 

Intraocular Pressure: Summary statistics, including observed and change from baseline values, for Intraocular Pressure will be presented at each scheduled visit. 

BCVA: BCVA (Best corrected visual acuity) will be used to assess visual acuity (VA). Observed LogMar values and mean change from baseline will be presented by visit and intervention group. Zero LogMAR indicates standard vision. Positive values indicate VA lower than normal; negative values indicate VA better than normal (excellent vision). Line change from baseline will be classified into one of the following categories - ≥ 3 lines gained, ≥ 2 lines but < 3 lines gained, ≥ 1 line but <2 lines gained, no change (<1 1-line change), ≥ 1 line but  <2 lines lost, ≥ 2 lines but <3 lines lost, and ≥ 3 lines lost - and will be presented as the number and percentage of participants in each category. A line loss in VA is defined as a 0.l increase from baseline in LogMar. A line gain in VA is a 0.1 decrease from baseline in LogMar.

Refractive Power: 

Ophthalmologic data will be listed.

	Special Situations

Abuse, misuse, overdose, or medication error of the study intervention (Special Situations, as defined below) must be reported to the sponsor by the investigator using a Special Situations eCRF as soon as possible. If there are associated SAEs, the investigator must also complete and submit an SAE submission.

Special situations will be listed.

	Pharmacokinetics

Plasma samples will be collected for measurement of plasma concentrations of S-309039 as specified in the SoA (Section 14.1). Plasma concentrations will be summarized descriptively using N, Mean, SD, coefficient of variation (CV%, calculated by SD/Mean × 100), geometric mean (Geometric Mean), coefficient of variation for geometric mean (CV% Geometric Mean), median, Min and Max values. The CV% Geometric Mean will be calculated according to the following formula: CV% Geometric Mean = [exp(sd2)−1]1/2× 100, where sd is the standard deviation for natural log (ln)-transformed data. All analyses will be completed on the PKC.

Plasma concentrations of S-309309 within 20 to 28 hours after the last dose (of study intervention prior to PK blood sample draw) will be summarized as plasma trough concentrations (Ctrough). A predose blood sample will be taken to determine the plasma trough concentration; participants will be instructed not to take the study intervention until after blood sampling. If Ctrough is below the lower limit of quantitation, Mean, SD, CV%, Min, Median, and Max will be calculated as 0, and that value will not be included in the calculation of Geometric Mean and CV% Geometric Mean. 

Ctrough concentrations will be summarized by dose and visit. Scatter plots with linear and semi-log scales of S-309309 Ctrough  concentrations (± standard error bars) will be plotted by dosage group against visit and against the actual time since last dose. Scatter plots will also be generated for S-309309 plasma concentrations in a similar manner as described for S-309309 Ctrough concentrations.

Individual plasma concentrations of S-309309 will be listed with the actual time elapsed from the most recent dose taken by participant.

	Interim Analysis

There is no interim analysis planned for this study. 

	Changes in the Planned Analysis

Not applicable.

	References

Ge M, Durham LK, Meyer RD, Xie W, Thomas N. Covariate-adjusted difference in
proportions from clinical trials using logistic regression and weighted risk differences. Drug Information Journal. 2011;45:481–93.

Hunot C, Fildes A, Croker H, et al. Appetitive traits and relationships with BMI in adults: Development of the Adult Eating Behavior Questionnaire. Appetite. 2016;105:356-63.

Kolotkin RL, Ervin CM, Meincke HH, et al. Development of a clinical trials version of the Impact of Weight on Quality of Life – Lite questionnaire (IWQOL-Lite Clinical Trials Version): results from two qualitative studies. Clin Obes. 2017;7(5):290-9.

Kroenke K, Spitzer RL, Williams B. The PHQ-9 – Validity of a brief depression severity measure. Gen Intern Med. 2001;16(9):606-13.

Medical Outcome Short Form (36) Health Survey. http://www.clintools.com/victims/resources/assessment/health/sf36.html

Mochida T, Take K, Maki T, et al. Inhibition of MGAT2 modulates fat-induced gut peptide release and fat intake in normal mice and ameliorates obesity and diabetes in ob/ob mice fed on a high-fat diet. FEBS Open Bio. 2020;10:316–26. doi:10.1002/2211-
5463.12778.

Posner K, Brown GK, Stanley B, et al. The Columbia-Suicide Severity Scale: Initial validity and internal consistency findings from three multisite studies with adolescents and adults. Amer J Psychiatr. 2011;168(12);1266-77.

Steingrimsson, JA, Hanley, DF and Rosenblum, M. Improving precision by adjusting for prognostic baseline variables in randomized trials with binary outcomes, without regression model assumptions, Contemporary Clinical Trials. 2017; 54;18-24.

Shi Y, Cheng D. Beyond triglyceride synthesis: The dynamic functional roles of MGAT
and DGAT enzymes in energy metabolism. Am J Physiol Endocrinol Metab.
2009;297:E10–18. doi:10.1152/ajpendo.90949.2008.

Take K, Mochida T, Maki T, et al. Pharmacological inhibition of monoacylglycerol O- -acyltransferase 2 improves hyperlipidemia, obesity, and diabetes by change in intestinal fat utilization. PLoS ONE. 2016;11:e0150976. doi:10.1371/journal

Food and Drug Administration (2023). Adjusting for Covariates in Randomized Clinical Trials for Drugs and Biological Products : Guidance for Industry.

Ware JE, Sherbourne CD. The MOS 36-item short-form health survey (SF36). Med Care
1992;30(6):473-83.

Williams DM, Nawaz A, Evans M. Drug therapy in obesity: A review of current and emerging treatments. Diabetes Ther. 2020;11:1199–216. https://doi.org/10.1007/s13300-020-00816-y.


	Appendices

Refer to next page for schedule of activities. 
  
	Schedule of Activities

Visit	Screening
(up to 4 weeks)	Random-ization	Treatment Period	Follow-up Period	Early Termi-nation a

	1a
(Onsite)	2a
(Onsite)	3
(Onsite/
Home)	4
(Onsite)	5 a
(Onsite/
Home)	6a
(Onsite)	7a
(Onsite/
Home)	8
(Onsite/
Home)	9a
(Onsite)	10a
(Onsite)	
Week	-4	0	2	4	8	12	16	20	24	28	
Day	-28 to -1	1	14	28	56	84	112	140	168	196	
Allowable time window (days)			± 3	 ± 5	± 5	± 5	± 5	± 5	± 5	± 5	
Administrative assessments
Informed consent	X										
Inclusion and exclusion criteria	X	Xb
								
Demography	X										
Medical history including prior medicationsc
X	X									
Clinical assessments
Body weight and BMI	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Complete physical examination including heightd
X	X							X	X	X
Symptom-focused physical examinatione
		X	X	X	X	X	X			
Waist circumference and hip measurement	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DEXA) scanf
	X							X		X
ECGg
X	X		X		X			X		X
Vital signsh
X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Adverse events 	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Concomitant medicationsi 
X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Ophthalmology assessmentj
X								X		X
Patient-reported outcome measures
Outcome questionnaire
(SF-36) (ePRO)		X				X			X	X	X
IWQOL-Lite for CT (ePRO)		X				X			X	X	X
Adult Eating Behavior Questionnaire	X	X		X		X			X		X
Food Preference Questionnaire	X	X		X		X			X		X
Study intervention procedures
Randomization		X									
Study intervention administrationk
	X			
Study intervention compliance check		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X		X
Study intervention dispensation		X	X	X	X	X	X	X			
Return of study intervention walletsl
		X	X	X	X	X	X	X		
Laboratory assessments  
Pregnancy testm	X	X							X	X	X
FSHn
X										
Fasting glucose metabolism (FPG, HbA1c, and insulin)o	X	X				X			X	X	X
Fasting cardiovascular biomarkers (total adiponectin, HMW adiponectin, hsCRP, and leptin)o	X	X				X			X	X	X
Fasting lipid profile (HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, and triglycerides)o	X 	X			X		X		X	X	X
Hematology/biochemistry/
urinalysisp	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Coagulation panel	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
TSH	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Serological testsq	X								X	X	X
PGx sample collection		X									
PK blood collection r, s 
		Xr	Xs	Xr	Xs	Xr	Xr	Xs		X
Other assessments
Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale	X	X		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
PHQ-9	X	X		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Fibroscan (liver assessment)t		X							X		
Nutritional and physical activity assessment/counselingu		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X		
Total energy expenditure		X									
Special situations (abuse, misuse, overdose, or medication error of the study intervention)		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Biosamples for future analysis		X							X		X

BCVA = best-corrected visual acuity; BMI = body mass index; ECG = electrocardiogram; eDiary = electronic diary; ePRO = electronic patient-reported outcome; FPG = fasting plasma glucose, FSH = follicle stimulating hormone; HbA1c = hemoglobin A1c; HDL = high-density lipoprotein; HIV = human immunodeficiency virus; HMW = high molecular weight; hsCRP = high sensitivity C-reactive protein; IWQOL-Lite for CT = Impact of Weight on Quality of Life-Lite for Clinical Trials; LDL = low-density lipoprotein; LOCS III = Lens Opacities Classification System III; PGx = pharmacogenomics; PHQ 9 = Patient Heath Questionnaire-9; PK = pharmacokinetic(s); SF-36 = Short-Form Health Survey; TEE = total energy expenditure
Participants must attend scheduled Visits 1, 2, 4, 6, 9, and 10 onsite. It is recommended that the participant has an onsite clinic visit for Visits 3, 5, 7, and 8, as these visits include PK blood sampling; however, there is an option to conduct these visits at home to help ease the burden for the participant if the participant is unable to come to the clinic. At a home visit, PK sampling will be performed, if possible.
a	Visits 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, and Early Termination must be completed in a fasting condition.
b	On Day 1, inclusion/exclusion criteria will be evaluated prior to study intervention administration.
c	Medical history will include a review of prior therapies taken 90 days prior to the Screening Visit; concomitant or previous steroid treatments (including eye-drops, inhalers, and nebulizers) during the 24 weeks prior the Screening Visit must be reviewed.
d	Height will be measured only at the Screening Visit. 
e	Includes any system examination based on the nature of the participant’s complaint and the investigator evaluation.
f	The DEXA scan can performed within 1 week after Visit 2.
g	A standard 12-lead ECG will be performed with the participant in a supine position (Protocol Section  8.3.3).
h	Vital sign measurements (to be taken prior to blood collection for laboratory tests) will include body temperature, pulse rate, respiratory rate, and blood pressure (3 consecutive readings will be recorded at intervals of at least 5 minutes). Blood pressure and pulse measurements should be preceded by at least 5 minutes of rest for the participant in a quiet setting without distractions Blood pressure and pulse measurements will be assessed in the semirecumbent or seated position.
i	Medication that the participant is receiving within 14 days before the start of study intervention until completion of the Follow-up/Early Termination Visit, must be recorded including the trade name or generic name, indication, dates of administration including start and stop dates, and dose.
j	Ophthalmology assessment will consist of LOCS III as part of the slit-lamp examination, evaluation of BCVA, and measurement of intraocular pressure. A photograph of the lens using a slit-lamp will be required. It is recommended that the ophthalmology assessment be completed once other entry criteria are met, if possible.
k	S-309309 3-, 10-, or 30-mg capsules or matching placebo capsules will be orally administered. The last dose of study intervention will be taken the day prior to Visit 9.
l	The study intervention wallets consisting of unused capsules should be returned to the site during the subsequent visit. 
m	Urine pregnancy test will be required for all participants of childbearing potential. A serum pregnancy test will be required if the urine pregnancy test is ambiguous. Results will be required prior to administration of study intervention.
n	Blood sample for serum FSH levels must be obtained to confirm female study participant’s postmenopausal status if no documentation confirming postmenopausal status is available.
o	The fasting lipid profile, glucose metabolism parameters, and cardiovascular biomarkers must be performed after a fast of approximately 12 hours.
p	Clinical laboratory tests will include hematology, blood chemistry, and urinalysis.
q	Serological tests will include testing for hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis C virus antibody, and HIV antigen.
r	One blood sample per visit will be taken at Visits 3, 5, 7, and 8. A predose blood sample will be taken to determine the plasma trough concentration. Participants will be instructed NOT to take the study intervention until after blood sampling. If the participant has a home visit, PK sampling will be performed, if possible. The date and time of the previous study intervention administration prior to PK blood sampling collection must be recorded by the site.
s	One blood sample per onsite clinic visit will be taken at Visits 4, 6, and 9. A predose blood sample will be taken to determine the plasma trough concentration. Participants will be instructed NOT to take the study intervention until after blood sampling. The date and time of the previous study intervention administration prior to PK blood sampling collection must be recorded by the site.
t	For sites able to perform Fibroscan; the Fibroscan can be performed within 1 week after Visit 2. The Fibroscan will be performed after a 3-hour fast; small amounts of clear liquids will be permitted during the fast.
u	Participants will be counseled on lifestyle interventions consisting of dietary counseling for weight loss with a 500 kcal deficit per day relative to the estimated TEE calculated at randomization plus counseling for physical activity (specified exercise goal, 150 minutes/week). 

 

Statistical Analysis plan
PROTOCOL NUMBER: BTX-AUT-001

STUDY TITLE:
A Phase ½ Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of a Single Dose of Autologous CD34+ Base Edited Hematopoietic Stem Cells (BEAM-101) in Patients with Sickle Cell Disease and Severe Vaso-Occlusive Crises

BEAM THERAPEUTICS INC.


Version: 
Date:  21 May 2023

CONFIDENTIAL PROPERTY OF BEAM
This document is a confidential communication of Beam. Acceptance of this document constitutes the agreement by the recipient that no information contained herein will be published or disclosed without written authorization from Beam.


Signature Page
By signing this document, I acknowledge that I have read the document and approve the planned statistical analyses described herein.
Author:

		
Yinzhong Chen, PhD
Senior Director, Biostatistics		Date

This document has been reviewed and approved by:

		
Yuanjun Shi, PhD
Vice President, Biostatistics		Date
		
Stephen Huang, MD
Vice President, Clinical Development		Date
		
XXX, MD
XXX, Pharmacovigilance		Date



Table of Contents
List of Abbreviations	6
1.	Introduction	8
2.	Study Objectives and Endpoints	8
2.1.	Primary Objective and Endpoints	8
2.2.	Secondary Objectives and Endpoints	9
2.3.	Exploratory Objectives and Endpoints	10
3.	Study Design	12
3.1.	Synopsis of Study Design	12
3.2.	Sample Size Consideration	13
3.3.	Randomization Methodology	14
4.	General Considerations for Data Analyses and Handling	14
4.1.	Statistical Software	14
4.2.	General Considerations	14
4.3.	Baseline Definitions	15
4.4.	Handling of Missing Data	15
4.5.	Adjustments for Covariates	15
4.6.	Multiple Comparison and Multiplicity	15
4.7.	Examination of Subgroups	15
4.8.	Analysis Windows	16
4.9.	Planned Data Analyses	17
5.	Study Population	17
5.1.	Population Definitions	17
5.2.	Protocol Deviations	17
6.	statistical analyses	17
6.1.	Patient Disposition	17
6.2.	Demographic and Baseline Characteristics	18
6.3.	Medical and Surgical History	20
6.4.	Study Drug Infusion and Treatment Compliance	20
6.4.1.	Mobilization	20
6.4.2.	Conditioning	21
6.4.3.	Study Drug Infusion	21
6.5.	Efficacy Analyses	22
6.5.1.	Analysis of Primary Efficacy Endpoint	22
6.5.2.	Analysis of Secondary Efficacy Endpoints	23
6.5.2.1.	VOCs Endpoints	23
6.5.2.2.	Hospitalization Endpoints	26
6.5.2.3.	RBC Transfusion Endpoints	29
6.5.2.4.	Platelet Transfusion Endpoints	30
6.5.2.5.	Total Hemoglobin Concentration Over Time	31
6.5.2.6.	Therapeutic Hemoglobin Fraction Endpoints	31
6.5.2.7.	Pharmacodynamic Endpoints	33
6.5.2.8.	Hemolysis Markers	34
6.5.3.	Analysis of Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints	35
6.5.3.1.	Cellular Hb Expression	35
6.5.3.2.	Hemorheological Biomarkers	35
6.5.3.3.	Peripheral Blood Cellular Morphology	37
6.5.3.4.	Inflammatory Biomarkers	37
6.5.3.5.	Markers of Ineffective Erythropoiesis	37
6.5.3.6.	Function of Organs Impacted by SCD	37
6.5.3.7.	Opioid Use	40
6.5.3.8.	6-Minute Walk Test	41
6.5.3.9.	Frequency of Guide-RNA-Dependent Off-Target Edits and HBG2 Deletion in PB and BM Cells Over Time	41
6.5.4.	Evaluation of Subgroups	41
6.5.5.	Other Efficacy Analysis	41
6.6.	Analysis of Patient Reported Outcomes	41
6.6.1.	SF-36	42
6.6.2.	BPI-SF	42
6.6.3.	FACIT-Fatigue	43
6.6.4.	PedsQL and PedsQL SCD	44
6.6.5.	ASCQ-Me	46
6.6.6.	EQ-5D-5L and EQ-5D-Y	46
6.6.7.	PGIS and PGIC	47
6.6.8.	Change in Work and School Questionnaire	47
6.7.	Pharmacokinetic Analysis	47
6.8.	Pharmacodynamic Analyses	48
6.9.	Safety Analyses	48
6.9.1.	Primary Safety Analysis	48
6.9.2.	Adverse Events	49
6.9.3.	Clinical Laboratory Evaluations	51
6.9.3.1.	Serum Chemistry and Liver Function	52
6.9.3.2.	Hematology CBC and Differential	52
6.9.3.3.	Coagulation	53
6.9.3.4.	Urinalysis for Renal Function	53
6.9.3.5.	Gonadal Function Assessment	54
6.9.3.6.	NT proBNP	54
6.9.4.	Vital Signs	54
6.9.5.	Physical Examinations	55
6.9.6.	Karnofsky and Lansky Performance Scales	55
6.9.7.	Brain MRI and MRA	55
6.9.8.	Bone Marrow Biopsy and Aspirate Assessment with Cytogenetics	56
6.9.9.	Prior and Concomitant Procedures	56
6.9.10.	Pregnancy Test and Serum Virology	57
6.9.11.	Prior and Concomitant Medications	57
6.10.	Data Monitoring Committee	57
6.11.	Changes from the Protocol Planned Analyses	59
7.	References	59
8.	Appendices	59
Appendix 1.	Analysis Window	60
Appendix 2.	Criteria for Identification of potentially clinically significant laboratory values	62
Appendix 3.	Criteria for identification of potentially clinically significant vital signs	64
Appendix 4.	imputation rules for missing data	65

List of Figures
Figure 1:	BTX-AUT-001 Study Schema	13
List of Abbreviations
Below is a starting point for List of Abbreviations, please update after content is final.
Abbreviation	Definition
6MWT	6-minute walk test
α2β2	2 α-globin and 2 β-globin proteins
α2γ2	2 α globin proteins and 2 γ globin proteins
AE	adverse event
AESI	adverse event of special interest
ALP	alkaline phosphatase
ALT	alanine aminotransferase
ASCQ-ME	Adult Sickle Cell Quality of Life Measurement Information System
AST	aspartate aminotransferase
AUC	area under the concentration-time curve
BPI-SF	brief pain inventory short form
BUN	blood urea nitrogen
CBC	complete blood count
CTCAE	Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events 
DMC	data monitoring committee
ECG	electrocardiogram
ECHO	echocardiography
eCRF	electronic case report form
eGFR	estimated glomerular filtration rate
ELISA	enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay
EQ-5D-5L	EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument, 5-dimension, 5-level
GCP	Good Clinical Practice
GFR	glomerular filtration rate
Hb	hemoglobin
HbA	adult hemoglobin
HbA1	hemoglobin A1
HbF	fetal hemoglobin
HBG1	hemoglobin subunit gamma-1 gene
HBG2	hemoglobin subunit gamma-2 gene
HbS	sickle hemoglobin
HbSC	hemoglobin S in compound state with hemoglobin C
HbSS	hemoglobin S in homozygous state
HbS-β thalassemia	hemoglobin S in compound state with β thalassemia
Hgb	unfractionated or total hemoglobin
ICF	informed consent form
ICH	International Council for Harmonisation
ITT	intent-to-treat
MedDRA	Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities
NRS	numerical rating scale
PedsQL	Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory™
PGIC	Patient’s Global Impression of Change
PGIS	Patient’s Global Impression of Severity
PK	pharmacokinetic(s)
PRO	patient reported outcome
QOL	Quality of Life
QRS	part of electrocardiographic wave representing ventricular depolarization
QT	time between the beginning of the QRS complex and the end of the T wave
RBC	red blood cell
SAE	serious adverse event
SAP	statistical analysis plan
SCD	sickle cell disease
SF-36	Short Form 36 questions
SOC	System Organ Class
SRC	Sentinel Review Committee
SUSAR	suspected unexpected serious adverse reaction
TEAE	treatment-emergent adverse event
ULN	upper limit of normal
VOC	vascular-occlusive crisis
WBC	white blood cell
WHO	World Health Organization

Introduction
This document describes the statistical analyses to be performed and data presentations to be produced for this Phase 1/2 study evaluating the safety and efficacy of a single dose of autologous CD34+ base edited hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) in patients with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) and severe Vaso-Occlusive Crises (VOCs).
The purpose of this statistical analysis plan (SAP) is to ensure the credibility of the study findings by specifying the statistical approaches to the analysis of the data prior to database lock. This SAP is developed based on the International Conference on Harmonization (ICH) E3 and E9 Guidelines and in reference to the following documents:
Protocol BTX-AUT-001 Version 1.0, dated 30 September 2021
Protocol BTX-AUT-001 Version 2.0, Amendment 1 dated 17 November 2021
Protocol BTX-AUT-001 Version 3.0, Amendment 2 dated 26 October 2022
Any deviations during the analysis and reporting process from the current SAP will be described and justified in the final study report. Analysis issues that suggest changes to the principal features stated in the protocol will be documented in a protocol amendment. Otherwise, the SAP will be updated through an amendment with the changes in the analysis documented in the amendment.
Study Objectives and Endpoints
Primary Objective and Endpoints
Primary Objective:
To determine the safety and efficacy of a single dose of autologous CD34+ base-edited HSCs (BEAM-101) in patients with SCD and severe VOCs.
Primary Safety Endpoints:
Proportion of patients with successful neutrophil engraftment 
Time to neutrophil engraftment 
Time to platelet engraftment 
Transplant-related mortality within 100 days after treatment
Primary Efficacy Endpoints:
Proportion of patients who have not experienced any severe VOC for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last red blood cell (RBC) transfusion.
Secondary Objectives and Endpoints
Secondary Objectives:
To assess the safety and tolerability of treatment
To determine the effects of treatment on VOCs and other SCD-related disease complications, including hospitalizations and RBC transfusion requirements
To determine the effects of treatment on total hemoglobin (Hb) and % Fetal Hemoglobin (%HbF) expression
To determine the effects of treatment on markers of hemolysis 
To determine the efficiency of gene editing in peripheral blood (PB) and bone marrow (BM) cells 
To determine the effects of treatment on specified patient reported outcomes (PROs) 
Secondary Endpoints:
Safety and tolerability assessment based on frequency, severity, and seriousness of AEs
Duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
Change from baseline in annualized number of severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
Proportion of patients with at least 90%, 75%, or 50% reduction in annualized rate of severe VOCs from baseline, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
Proportion of patients who have not experienced any VOC (severe or nonsevere) for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
Proportion of patients who have not required inpatient hospitalization for severe VOCs sustained for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
Change from baseline in annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
Duration of RBC transfusion-free period after Investigational Medicinal Product (IMP) administration
Total Hb concentration over time 
Markers of hemolysis (including serum lactate dehydrogenase [LDH], indirect bilirubin, free Hb, haptoglobin, and reticulocyte count) over time  
Change in PROs compared to baseline including: 
36-Item Short Form Survey (SF-36): Short Form Health Survey: Physical Component Summary (PCS) (adults only)
FACIT-Fatigue: The Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (adults only) 
Worst pain score on Brief Pain Inventory-Short Form (BPI-SF) 11-point numerical rating scale (NRS) (adults and adolescents)
Pediatric Quality of Life InventoryTM (PedsQL) and PedsQL SCD module (adolescents only)
Pharmacodynamic Endpoints:
Therapeutic Hb (%HbF) concentration over time
Sickle hemoglobin (%HbS) concentration over time
Percentage of gene editing at target alleles in PB over time 
Percentage of gene editing at target alleles in BM cells over time
Exploratory Objectives and Endpoints
Exploratory Objectives:
To determine the effects of treatment on SCD-related disease complications, including VOCs, hospitalizations, RBC transfusion, pain, and organ dysfunction
To determine the effects of treatment on cellular Hb expression, including the percentage of cells that express therapeutic Hb (HbF) 
To determine the effects of treatment on RBC biomarkers (including RBC rheology, adhesion), PB cell morphology, inflammatory markers, and markers of ineffective erythropoiesis 
To determine the effects of treatment on specified PROs 
To determine the effects of treatment on exercise tolerance
To determine the efficiency of gene editing in PB and BM cells
Exploratory Endpoints:
Duration of VOC free (severe or nonsevere) from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
Change from baseline in annualized duration of hospitalization for severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
Change in annualized number of units of RBC transfused for SCD-related indications after IMP administration
Proportion of patients with therapeutic hemoglobin fraction (HbF) ≥30% of total Hb for at least 3 months
Duration of therapeutic hemoglobin fraction (HbF) ≥30% of total Hb after IMP administration 
Proportion of patients with at least 100%, 75%, or 50% reduction in annualized frequency of RBC transfusions after IMP administration
Proportion of circulating erythrocytes that express detectable levels of HbF (F-cells) after IMP administration
RBC biomarkers (including but not limited to RBC rheology measurements such as deformability, density, oxygen (O2) affinity, viscosity, hematocrit-to-viscosity ratio, flow adhesion to laminin, P-selectin, and/or VCAM1 and dynamic sickling) over time
PB cellular morphology over time
Inflammatory markers (CRP, IL-6, IL-8) and endothelial activation markers (VCAM1) over time
Markers of ineffective erythropoiesis (including hepcidin, erythropoietin, erythroferrone, and growth differentiation factor [GDF-15]) over time
Changes in function of organs impacted by SCD including:
Changes in renal, echocardiography (ECHO), pulmonary function test, and cardiopulmonary exercise testing (CPET) parameters
Changes in cerebral hemodynamics parameters by transcranial Doppler (TCD) (in patients ≤16 years of age only) and by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)/magnetic resonance angiography (MRA)
Changes in serum iron studies (eg, serum iron, ferritin, serum transferrin receptor) and liver iron stores (assessed by MRI)
Changes in pain control as assessed by opioid use
Change in PROs over time including:
Patient’s Global Impression of Severity (PGIS): Patient Global Impression of Severity (adults and adolescents)
Patient’s Global Impression of Change (PGIC): Patient Global Impression of Change (adults and adolescents)
EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument, 5-dimension, 5-levels (EQ-5D-5L): EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument (adults only)
Youth EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument, 5-dimension (EQ-5D-Y): EuroQoL Quality of Life Instrument: Youth (adolescents only)
Adult Sickle Cell Quality of Life Measurement Information System (ASCQ-Me): Adult Sickle Cell Quality of Life Measurement System Social Functioning Impact Short Form and Emotional Impact Short Form (adults only)
Short Form Health Survey: SF-36 Mental Component Summary (adults only)
Changes in Work and School Questionnaire (adults and adolescents)
Changes in exercise tolerance as assessed by the 6-minute walk test (6MWT)
Frequency of guide-RNA-dependent off-target edits and HBG2 deletion in PB and BM cells over time.
Study Design
Synopsis of Study Design
This is a Phase 1/2, nonrandomized, open-label, single-arm, multicenter, safety and efficacy study of the administration of BEAM-101 to patients with SCD. Upon completion of screening, enrolled patients will be required to have received an exchange or simple RBC transfusion regimen for at least 6 weeks prior to entering the mobilization/manufacturing period, where they will undergo mobilization with plerixafor. Patients will undergo leukapheresis for up to 4 days in each mobilization cycle, with multiple mobilization cycles allowed. Cell collections will be used for centralized IMP manufacture and to obtain rescue cells (also referred to as back-up cells). Patient-specific CD34+ cells used for IMP manufacture will be edited, tested, and shipped to the clinical study site for administration to that patient.
Once BEAM-101 is received at the study site, the patient will be admitted to the hospital and will receive a myeloablative conditioning regimen with busulfan. After completion of the 4-day course of busulfan, there will be a 2-day washout period. Following the washout period, BEAM-101 will be administered on Day 1 by single dose IV infusion with a minimum cell dose of ≥3.5 × 106 viable CD34+ cells/kg. The patient will then be followed closely in the transplant unit as per local institutional standards.
Patients will be discharged home when they are clinically stable after evidence of successful engraftment based on neutrophil recovery criteria. Platelet engraftment may be monitored in the outpatient setting, and patients will need to have platelet counts monitored at least once weekly (and >7 days after the most recent platelet transfusion) until platelet engraftment criteria are met. After discharge, the patient will be followed on an outpatient basis through Month 24 post-transplant (or early termination/withdrawal). Following completion of this study, all patients treated with BEAM-101 will be asked to enroll in a long-term extension study of 13 years duration, for a total follow-up of 15 years post-transplant, per health authority recommendation. 
In consultation and with Sponsor approval, some protocol-specified follow-up visits may be conducted remotely and alternative methods (eg, telephone contact, virtual visit, alternative location including local laboratories) may be implemented when necessary and feasible.
A schematic of the study structure and study periods is included as Figure 1. A schedule of assessments is listed in the protocol, Appendix 1.
Figure 1:	BTX-AUT-001 Study Schema
 
Sample Size Consideration
Three patients will be enrolled in the sentinel cohort. Approximately 42 additional patients may be enrolled in the expansion cohort, subject to DMC approval and at the Sponsor’s discretion, to obtain additional safety and efficacy data.
The size of the expansion cohort has been chosen to provide a total sample size of 45 patients and will provide at least 83% power for a 1-sided test with a significance level of 2.5% to rule out a response rate of 60% when the true response rate is 80% for the proportion of patients who have not experienced any severe VOC for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion.
Randomization Methodology 
Not applicable
General Considerations for Data Analyses and Handling
Statistical Software
Statistical analysis will be performed using the SAS System®, Version 9.4 or higher, unless otherwise noted.
General Considerations
For continuous variables, descriptive statistics will include the number of patients (n), mean, standard deviation (SD) or standard error (SE) as appropriate, minimum, median, 25% percentile (Q1) and 75% percentile (Q3) as needed, and maximum. Mean, median, Q1, and Q3 will be rounded to 1 additional decimal place compared to the original data. The SD and SE will be rounded to 2 additional decimal places compared to the original data. Minimum and maximum will be displayed with the same accuracy as the original data. 
For the survival analyses, the estimated median and percentiles of the progression-free survivals will be rounded to 1 additional decimal place compared to the original data.   
Confidence intervals (CI) will be presented on selected parameters using the same number of decimal places as the parameters (eg, mean).
For categorical data, frequency counts and percentages will be presented. Percentages will be reported to 1 decimal place.
Study Day 1 is defined as the day of IMP administration, ie, the date BEAM-101 is infused. Other study days are defined relative to Study Day 1, and relative day is calculated as (date of interest – date of IMP administration +1) for study days on or after the date of IMP administration and as (date of interest – date of IMP administration) for study days prior to the IMP administration date.
End of Study for each patient is defined as the date of study completion or early discontinuation collected in the CRF ‘End of Study’ page. If the date of study completion or early discontinuation is missing or the patient is a lost to follow-up, the last study contact date or final visit date will be used for the End of Study.
The data summaries will be accompanied by individual patient data listings sorted by study center and patient identifier. All data available from eCRFs will be listed. The actual day relative to the Study Day 1 will be determined and included in the listings.
Derived analysis datasets will be produced from SDTM data. This allows for convenient reviewing of the data as well as any necessary supplemental analyses. All data from the raw datasets will be included in the derived datasets. Derived dataset specifications will be developed to include the names and definitions of derived variables in the derived SAS datasets.
Baseline Definitions
For the annualized number of severe VOCs and hospitalizations, baseline will be defined as the annualized number of the corresponding endpoint in the 24 months before Informed Consent.
The definition of baseline total Hb, RBC transfusions, and markers of hemolysis can be found in Section 6.5.
Unless otherwise specified, for other efficacy, pharmacodynamic, and safety parameters, baseline will be defined as the first assessment during screening (on or after date of Informed Consent, but before initiation of stem cell collection).
Handling of Missing Data
Generally, missing or incomplete data will not be imputed, unless specified otherwise. All data will be evaluated as observed. Imputation rules for some specific missing start or end dates can be found in Appendix 4.
Adjustments for Covariates
Not applicable
Multiple Comparison and Multiplicity
Not applicable
Examination of Subgroups
To assess the consistency in treatment effects across different subgroup levels, subgroup analyses including:
Age group (adolescents [≥12 and <18 years], adults [≥18 years]) 
Sex (female, male) 
Baseline number of severe VOCs (≤6, >6)
Race (American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black of African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White, Not Reported, Unknown, Other)
Genotype (βS/βS, βS/β0 or βS/β+)
may be explored for efficacy endpoints, such as severe VOCs and total Hb, if data permit.
Analysis Windows
A windowing convention will be used to determine the analysis value for a given study visit that applies to observed data. For the purpose of window convention, a month will be defined as 30 days and a year as 365 days.
All assessment visits are expected to occur following scheduled assessment per the protocol. The data used in safety and efficacy summaries will be tabulated per the assessment visit as recorded on the CRF. If the assessment visit is missing due to early withdrawal or missing visits but there are data from unscheduled or additional visit that is inside an analysis window as defined in Appendix 1, then the data from the unscheduled or additional visit will be used for the analysis window in data summaries.
For endpoints that are not total Hb or hemoglobin fractions, if patients have multiple evaluations within an analysis window, the evaluation closest to the target visit date will be used in the summary tabulations. In case of evaluations equidistant to the target visit date within an analysis window, results of the later evaluation will be used. This applies to all assessments without designated visits.
For total Hb and hemoglobin fractions, if patients have multiple evaluations within an analysis window, the mean of these evaluations will be used in the summary tabulations.
Summaries of adverse event (AEs), concomitant medication, and some other safety data will be based on the following study periods, where the AE or concomitant start and stop dates, or the assessment dates will be compared to the relative start and stop dates of each study period:
Screening period (SP): From date of Informed Consent until prior to initiation of mobilization 
Stem cell collection, IMP manufacture and release period (MP): From initiation of mobilization until prior to initiation of conditioning 
Myeloablative conditioning period (CP): From initiation of conditioning until prior to IMP administration
Engraftment period (EP): From IMP administration to until prior to initiation of neutrophil engraftment 
Follow-up period (FP): From initiation of neutrophil engraftment until end of study 
Post-IMP administration period (TP): From IMP administration until end of study. 
The study visit window convention will not be applied to the eCRF data listings. The data listings for eCRF data will display the raw data as collected and entered in the eCRF.
Planned Data Analyses
A final analysis will be performed when the last patient has completed his or her Month 24 visit as specified in the protocol or discontinued from the study.
Study Population
Population Definitions
The All Enrolled Population includes all patients who signed informed consent and met the inclusion/exclusion criteria.
The All Treated Population is defined as those patients who have received the IMP (BEAM-101). This population will be the primary population for efficacy evaluation.
The Safety Population will include all patients who initiated mobilization for leukapheresis or made it further in the study, including any potential patient who undergoes mobilization and conditioning but does not receive IMP. This population will be the primary population for safety evaluation.
Protocol Deviations
All patients with significant protocol deviations will be identified in the minutes of the patient evaluability assessment performed prior to database lock and will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages.
All protocol deviations will be presented in a listing by study center and patient number with significant and not-significant deviations indicated.
statistical analyses
Patient Disposition
A patient disposition summary will be provided. The categories will include all patients who were screened, patients who were screen failed, patients who were enrolled, patients who were mobilized, patients who initiated myeloablative conditioning, patients who received study IMP, patients who completed the study, and patients who discontinued from the study categorized by reasons. Post-treatment discontinuation reasons include protocol inclusion/exclusion, protocol non-compliance, adverse event, symptoms or an intercurrent illness not consistent with the protocol, withdrawal of consent, lost to follow-up, investigator’s discretion, pregnancy, other reasons related to failure of mobilization or IMP manufacturing or engraftment, death, and other. 
A listing will be presented to describe the date of IMP administration, date of study completion or early withdrawal, and the reason for early discontinuation for each patient. A data listing for patient screening information will also be generated.
A summary of screening failures and the reasons for screen failures will be presented. A listing of inclusion/exclusion criteria responses for patients with violations will also be provided.
Analysis populations, such as All Enrolled, All Treated, and Safety populations, will be summarized in a table. A listing of analysis populations will also be provided, and the listing will include patient ID, investigational site, and whether the patient is in these analysis populations (Yes/No).
Demographic and Baseline Characteristics
The following demographic and baseline characteristics will be summarized using descriptive statistics based on the All Enrolled population:
Demographic data:
Age (in years) at the time of Informed Consent, and age groups (≥12 to <18 versus ≥18)
Sex (Female, Male)
Race (American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White, Not Reported, Unknown, Other) 
Ethnicity (Hispanic or Latino, Not Hispanic or Latino, Not Reported)
Baseline height, weight, and BMI.
SCD disease history:
Age (in years) at SCD diagnosis
Historical HBB gene genotype (βS/βS, βS/β0, or βS/β+)
Historical Alpha Globin Loci genotype (0 deletion, ≤1 deletion, >1 deletion, Not done)
Hydroxyurea status (currently taking, previously taken but discontinued, never taken)
Crizanlizumab status (currently taking, previously taken but discontinued, never taken)
Voxelotor status (currently taking, previously taken but discontinued, never taken)
L-Glutamine status (currently taking, previously taken but discontinued, never taken)
Sickle cell disease complications
Baseline HBB gene genotype (βS/βS, βS/β0, or βS/β+)
Baseline Alpha Globin Loci genotype (0 deletion, ≤1 deletion, >1 deletion, Not done)
Baseline number of protocol-defined severe VOCs, defined as the number of severe VOCs occurring in the 24 months prior to Informed Consent
Baseline RBC transfusion history in the 24 months prior to Informed Consent:
Number of RBC transfusions
Annualized number of units of RBC transfusions 
Type of transfusion
Exchange type (manual vs. automated)
Primary reason for transfusion
Baseline hemoglobin, defined as the average of the 2 most recent hemoglobin values in the 5 years prior to and including screening that were both obtained at least 60 days after RBC transfusion and at least 1 month separated from each other
Baseline pain and opioid use:
Does patient experience pain symptoms daily or on most days? (Yes/No)
Does patient experience pain from sickle cell disease when not having a VOC? (Yes/No)
	If Yes, does patient experience pain daily or on most days? (Yes/No)
Does patient take opioids for sickle cell disease when not having a VOC? (Yes/No)
	If Yes, does patient take opioids daily or on most days? (Yes/No)
Baseline information, such as annualized number of severe VOCs in the 24 months prior to Informed Consent, will also be summarized for the applicable analysis population in the corresponding efficacy endpoints.
All demographic and baseline characteristics will also be summarized using the Safety and All Treated populations.
All individual demographic and baseline data will be listed by study center and patient number.
Medical and Surgical History
Medical and surgical history refers to significant conditions/diseases that ongoing or stopped at or prior to Screening (time of informed consent). Medical and surgical history will be coded using Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) latest version and will be summarized by System Organ Class (SOC) and preferred term. The table will include the number and percentages of patients and will be sorted in alphabetical order by system organ class and preferred term. A patient will only be counted once within a particular class even if he/she has multiple conditions/symptoms. 
Summary of medical and surgical history will be based on the Safety population.
All medical and surgical history data will be listed by study center and patient number.
Study Drug Infusion and Treatment Compliance
Mobilization
The following patient mobilization details will be summarized based on the Safety population:
Number of mobilization cycles 
Total volume of leukapheresis (mL) during study
Average volume of leukapheresis (mL) processed per cycle 
Total number of CD34+ cells collected (cells ×106/kg) during study
Average number of CD34+ cells collected (cells × 106/kg) per mobilization cycle
Total number of CD34+ cells after isolation (cells ×106/kg)
Average number of CD34+ cells after isolation (cells x 106/kg) per mobilization cycle
Were the back-up cells collected in case of engraftment failure? If yes, was a minimum of 2.0×106/kg mobilized CD34+ HSPCs obtained during this collection cycle?
Average plerixafor (ug/kg) used per cycle
Average time (days) between mobilization cycles among patients with more than one cycle
Time (days) between the initiation of first mobilization cycle to initiation of busulfan conditioning
The mobilization data will be summarized using descriptive statistics. All patients’ mobilization data will be listed by study site, mobilization cycle, collection time, and patient number.
For each patient, a spaghetti plot of the total number of CD34+ cells collected over time during the mobilization days will be generated.
Conditioning
The following Busulfan conditioning details will be summarized based on the Safety population:
The total actual dose of busulfan (mg) infused
The total dose of busulfan (mg/kg) infused (based on the lower of actual or adjusted ideal body weight)
The average daily dose of busulfan (mg/kg/day) (based on the lower of actual or adjusted ideal body weight)
The measured Cmax (ug/mL) and AUC (μM•min) for each day of conditioning in which busulfan PK measurements are obtained 
The estimated daily average AUC, in μM•min for the entire conditioning regimen. 
The Busulfan conditioning data will be summarized using descriptive statistics. All the busulfan PK collection data including busulfan dose, day and actual time of PK sample, Cmax, and AUC will be listed by study site and patient number.
Study Drug Infusion
The following study drug infusion details will be summarized based on the All Treated population:
Time (months) from Informed Consent to study drug infusion (defined as [date of IMP administration – date of Informed Consent]/30)
Time (months) from study drug infusion to end of study (defined as [date of study completion or early discontinuation – date of IMP administration +1]/30). 
Number of bags of IMP received at site
Number of drug product lots infused
Total dose (x106 CD34 + cells /kg) received at site 
Total dose (x106 CD34 + cells /kg) infused
Percent of study drug compliance (= 100 x total dose infused / total dose received).
Time from Informed Consent to study drug infusion, time from study drug infusion to end of study, total dose received, total dose infused, and percent of study drug compliance will be summarized using descriptive statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum).
Time from Informed Consent to study drug infusion and time from study drug infusion to end of study will also be summarized by duration category in months (<3 months, 3 to <6 months, 6 to <12 months, 12 to <18 months, and ≥18 months) and the number of patients in each duration category.
For the summary of number of bags of IMP received and number of drug product lots used, frequency counts and percentages will be presented.  
All study drug administration and accountability data will be listed by study site and patient number. The following variables will be listed: patient identifier, IMP administration date, drug product lot number, bag number, bag volume, bag volume unit, total dose received, total dose infused, and percent compliance.
Efficacy Analyses
The efficacy analyses and summaries will be based on the All Treated population. 
All analyses of VOCs or VOC-related efficacy endpoints will be based on the Endpoint Adjudication Committee (EAC) adjudicated VOCs. Analyses of VOCs based on the investigator’s judgement will also be presented as sensitivity analyses.
For total Hb and Hb fractions, the measurements from Frontage Lab will be used for all efficacy summaries and analyses. An analysis window will be applied for by study visit summary and analyses (see Appendix 1). If there are multiple measurements for a patient within a given analysis window, the average of the measurements will be calculated and used in the efficacy summaries and analyses. 
During the mobilization and conditioning periods, some hemoglobin profile and other marker data by local labs may be collected. These data will not be analyzed but will be included in data listings. 
Subgroup analysis may be performed where data permit.
Analysis of Primary Efficacy Endpoint
The primary efficacy endpoint is the proportion of patients who have not experienced any severe VOC for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion. The analysis of the primary endpoint will be based on the adjudicated severe VOCs. 
A patient will be classified as not being severe VOC-free for at least 12 consecutive months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion for the primary endpoint if the patient meet any of the following criteria:
Has ≥1 adjudicated severe VOCs within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion after IMP administration: 
(VOC start date – date of last RBC transfusion ≥60) and (VOC start date – [date of last RBC transfusion + 60] <365)
Or, (VOC start date – date of last RBC transfusion <60) and (VOC end date – date of last RBC transfusion ≥60)
Discontinued from study within 60 days after last RBC transfusion: (End of study – date of last RBC transfusion) <60
Discontinued from study within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion: (End of study – [date of last RBC transfusion + 60]) <365
Discontinued from study on or before 14 months after IMP administration, if a patient has no RBC transfusion after IMP administration: (End of study – Day 1) <425.
The primary endpoint will be analyzed using frequency counts and percentages. A 2-sided 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will be presented. 
Analysis of Secondary Efficacy Endpoints
VOCs Endpoints
The summary and analysis of severe VOCs related endpoints will be based on the adjudicated severe VOCs.
The number of severe VOCs at baseline (from the 2-years period prior to informed consent), number of severe VOCs between Informed Consent and Study Day 1, number of severe VOCs from study Day 1 and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and number of severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be summarized by descriptive statistics. 
In addition, number of severe VOCs by the VOC types (sickle cell pain crisis, acute chest syndrome, splenic sequestration, priapism, and other) will be summarized for baseline, between Informed Consent and Study Day 1, from IMP administration and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and from 60 days after last RBC transfusion. 
The numbers of non-severe VOCs adjudicated by EAC for baseline, between Informed Consent and Study Day 1, from IMP administration and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be summarized.
Additionally, as a sensitivity analysis, the numbers of severe VOCs determined by investigators’ judgement at baseline, between Informed Consent and Study Day 1, from IMP administration and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be summarized using descriptive statistics.
Duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
The duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be calculated as follow:
For patients who have not experienced any severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion: duration = End of study – (date of last RBC transfusion + 60)
For patients who have experienced at least one severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion: duration = first severe VOC start date – (date of last RBC transfusion + 60)
For patients who withdrawn from study within 60 days after last RBC transfusion: duration = 0
For patients who have no RBC transfusion after IMP administration: duration = min (end of study, start date of first severe VOC) – 60 
The duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be summarized using descriptive statistics including the number of patients (n), mean, standard deviation (SD), minimum, median, and maximum. 
The duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be summarized by duration category in months (<3 months, 3 to <6 months, 6 to <12 months, 12 to <18 months, and ≥18 months) and the number of patients in each duration category.
A horizontal bar plot for the time (months) since BEAM-101 IMP administration will be generated, in which each bar row in the figure represents an individual patient, with the following indicators:
An indicator for the last RBC transfusion after IMP administration 
An indicator for the 60 days post last RBC transfusion 
Length of the bar from the 60 days after last RBC transfusion represents the duration of being severe VOC-free from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
Number of severe VOCs at baseline for each patient near the y-axis
Duration of being VOC-free (severe or non-severe) from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
As an exploratory analysis, the duration of being VOC-free (severe or non-severe) from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be calculated and summarized similarly.
Proportion of patients who have not experienced any VOCs (severe or non-severe) for at least 12 consecutive months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
For this endpoint, the criteria for a patient to be classified as a non-responder are the same as for the primary endpoint but based on both severe and non-severe VOCs.
The proportion of patients who have not experienced any VOCs (severe or non-severe) for at least 12 consecutive months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages. A 2-sided 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will be presented. 
Change from baseline in annualized number of severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
The annualized number of severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion for each patient is calculated as:
(Number of severe VOCs recorded from 60 days after last RBC transfusion)/(End of study-(date of last RBC transfusion+60)) x 365
Where:
Number of severe VOCs recorded from 60 days after last RBC transfusion includes those severe VOCs, which appear more than 60 days after last RBC transfusion, ie, VOC start date - date of last RBC transfusion ≥60. 
For a severe VOC that starts within 60 days but ends or is ongoing on or after 60 days after last RBC transfusion, this severe VOC will also be counted.  
The annualized number of severe VOCs at baseline for each patient is calculated as:
 Where:
Number of severe VOCs recorded from the 2-years period prior to Informed Consent includes those severe VOCs with:
(VOC start date - Date of Informed Consent) <0, and
(VOC start date – Date of Informed Consent) > - 730  
For this endpoint, a patient will be considered as having no improvement compared to baseline, and the change from baseline in annualized number of severe VOCs will be set as zero, if the patient:
discontinued from study within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, or
discontinued from study within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion and without a severe VOC, or
discontinued from study within 14 months after IMP administration and without a severe VOC, if a patient has no RBC transfusion after IMP administration.
Descriptive summary statistics will be presented for the annualized number of severe VOCs at baseline, annualized number of severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and absolute and percentage change from baseline in the annualized number of severe VOCs. A 2-sided 95% confidence interval will also be presented for the change from baseline in the annualized number of severe VOCs.
Proportion of patients with at least 90%, 75%, or 50% reduction in annualized rate of severe VOCs from baseline, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
The proportion of patients with ≥90%, ≥75%, or ≥50% reduction in annualized rate of severe VOCs from baseline, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be summarized using frequency counts and percentages. The percent of reduction in annualized rate of severe VOCs from baseline is calculated as change from baseline in annualized rate divided by baseline annualized rate. A 2-sided 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will be presented.
Hospitalization Endpoints
The summaries and analyses of the hospitalization for severe VOCs related endpoints will be based on the adjudicated severe VOCs.
The number of inpatient hospitalizations for severe VOCs at baseline (from the 2-years period prior to informed consent), number of inpatient hospitalizations for severe VOCs from Informed Consent and prior to Study Day 1, number of inpatient hospitalizations for severe VOCs from IMP administration and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and number of inpatient hospitalizations for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be summarized using descriptive statistics. 
In addition, number of hospitalizations and healthcare utilizations by utilization types (hospitalization, emergency department visit, urgent care visit, outpatient facility visit, and other) and utilization reasons (adverse event, VOC event, per protocol required mobilization hospitalization, and per protocol required conditioning) will be summarized for baseline, between Informed Consent and Study Day 1, from IMP administration and within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and after IMP administration.
Proportion of patients who have not required inpatient hospitalization for severe VOCs sustained for at least 12 consecutive months, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
A patient will be classified as having required inpatient hospitalization for severe VOCs within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion for this endpoint if the patient meet any of the following criteria:
Has ≥1 inpatient hospitalization for adjudicated severe VOCs within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion after IMP administration: 
(Hospitalization start date – date of last RBC transfusion ≥60) and (Hospitalization start date – [date of last RBC transfusion + 60] <365)
Or, (Hospitalization start date – date of last RBC transfusion <60) but (Hospitalization end date – date of last RBC transfusion ≥60)
Discontinued from study within 60 days after last RBC transfusion: (End of study – date of last RBC transfusion) <60 
Discontinued from study within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion: (End of study – [date of last RBC transfusion + 60]) <365
Discontinued from study on or before 14 months after IMP administration, if a patient has no RBC transfusion after IMP administration: (End of study – Day 1) <425.
This endpoint will be analyzed using frequency counts and percentages. A 2-sided 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will be presented. 
Change from baseline in annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion 
The annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion and the annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs during the 2 years prior to Informed Consent will be calculated similar to the annualized severe VOCs above. 
Descriptive summary statistics will be presented for the annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs at baseline, annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and absolute and percentage change from baseline in the annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs. A 2-sided 95% confidence interval will also be presented for the change from baseline in the annualized number of hospitalizations for severe VOCs.
Change from baseline in annualized duration of hospitalization for severe VOCs, from 60 days after last RBC transfusion
As an exploratory analysis, the change from baseline in annualized duration of hospitalization for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will also be summarized. The annualized duration of hospitalizations for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion is calculated as follow:
(Total duration of hospitalizations for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion )/(End of study-(date of last RBC transfusion+60) )  x 365
Where:
For each hospitalization, the duration = (end date and time – start date and time), and converted into days, with 24 hours for each day. 
If a hospitalization starts within 60 days but ends or is ongoing on or after 60 days after last RBC transfusion, the duration = (end date and time – date and time of Day 60 after last RBC transfusion).
For this endpoint, a patients will be considered as having no improvement compared to baseline, and the change from baseline in annualized duration of hospitalization for severe VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion will be set as zero, if the patient:
discontinued from study within 60 days after last RBC transfusion, or
discontinued from study within 12 months from 60 days after last RBC transfusion, or
discontinued from study within 14 months after IMP administration, if a patient has no RBC transfusion after IMP administration.
Descriptive summary statistics will be presented for the annualized duration of hospitalizations for VOCs at baseline, annualized duration of hospitalizations for VOCs from 60 days after last RBC transfusion, and absolute change in the annualized duration of hospitalizations for VOCs from baseline. The imputation rules for partial date of hospitalization admission and discharge can be found in Appendix 4.
RBC Transfusion Endpoints
For RBC transfusions at baseline and after IMP administration, the following information will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages: 
Number of RBC transfusions
Type of transfusion
Exchange type (manual vs. automated)
Primary reason for transfusion
The RBC transfusion information between informed consent and Study Day 1 will not be summarized but will be listed in data listings.
To show the treatment effect with respect to the patients’ RBC dependence, a bar plot indicating the patient’s last RBC transfusion after IMP administration, the 60 days post last RBC transfusion, and time not experiencing severe VOCs by patient will be generated.
Duration of RBC transfusion-free period after IMP administration
The duration of RBC transfusion-free after IMP administration will be calculated as follows:
For patients who have RBC transfusion(s) after IMP administration: duration = End of study – date of last RBC transfusion
For patients who have no RBC transfusion after IMP administration: duration = End of study – Day 1
The duration of being RBC transfusion-free after IMP administration will be summarized using descriptive statistics including the number of patients (n), mean, standard deviation (SD), minimum, median, and maximum.
The duration of being RBC transfusion-free after IMP administration will also be summarized by duration category in months (<3 months, 3 to <6 months, 6 to <12 months, 12 to <18 months, and ≥18 months) and the number of patients in each duration category.
Change in annualized number of units of RBC transfused for SCD-related indications after IMP administration
For this summary, if the number of units of RBC transfusion is not directly entered in the CRF, the number of units of RBC transfusion will be calculated as: volume transferred / average volume of an RBC unit, collected in CRFs.
Baseline number of units of RBC transfusions is defined as annualized number of units of RBC transfused in the 24 months prior to Informed Consent, ie,:
(Total number of units received in the 24 months prior to Informed Consent )/730  x 365
The annualized number of units of RBC transfused after IMP administration is calculated as below:
(Total number of units received from Day 1 to end of study )/(End of study-Day 1+1)  x 365
Change from baseline in annualized number of units of RBC transfused for SCD-related indications after IMP administration will be summarized using descriptive statistics.
Proportion of patients with at least 100%, 75%, or 50% reduction in annualized frequency of RBC transfusions after IMP administration
As an exploratory analysis, the proportion of patients with 100%, ≥75%, or ≥50% reduction in annualized frequency of RBC transfusions after IMP administration will also be summarized using frequency counts and percentages. The summary will be presented in the following categories:
	Increased or no change
	>0 and <50% reduction
	≥50% and <75% reduction
	≥75% and <100% reduction
	100% reduction
Platelet Transfusion Endpoints
For platelet transfusions during study, the total number of platelet transfusions and total volume of platelet transfusions will be summarized by study periods using descriptive statistics: 
From date of Informed Consent until prior to initiation of mobilization 
From initiation of mobilization until prior to IMP administration 
From IMP administration until end of study.
Additionally, the primary reason for platelet transfusion will also be summarized using frequency counts and percentages.
Total Hemoglobin Concentration Over Time
The summaries and analyses of total Hb concentration by study visit will be based on the data from Frontage Lab. 
For the by study visit summaries and analyses, an analysis window will be applied to select values for each protocol scheduled visit (see Appendix 1). If there are multiple measurements for a patient within a given analysis window, the average of the measurements will be calculated and used in the by visit summaries and analyses.
The baseline total Hb for each patient will be calculated as the average of the two most recent total Hb values in the 5 years prior to and including screening that were both obtained at least 60 days after RBC transfusion and at least 1 month separated from each other. 
The total Hb concentration and change from baseline over time will be summarized using descriptive statistics by study visit after IMP administration. 
For each patient, a spaghetti plot of the total Hb concentration over time will be generated. A plot of mean total Hb concentration over time for all patients will also be generated.
Therapeutic Hemoglobin Fraction Endpoints
The summaries and analyses of therapeutic hemoglobin fractions over time will be based on the data from Frontage Lab.
The therapeutic hemoglobin fractions include the followings: 
Fetal Hemoglobin (HbF) 
Sickle Hemoglobin (HbS)
Adult Hemoglobin (HbA)
Hemoglobin A2 (HbA2)
For each of these hemoglobin fractions, a percentage relative to the measured total hemoglobin (Hb) will be calculated and provided by Frontage Lab:
%HbF 
%HbS
%HbA
%HbA2
In addition, as exploratory analyses:
A percentage of these hemoglobin fractions relative to the un-transfused Hb will also be calculated.
A percentage of HbF relative to the total of HbF and HbS, ie, HbF / (HbF + HbS), will also be calculated to remove any confounding HBA and show the accurate and immediate increase in HbF.
These therapeutic hemoglobin fractions (HbF, HbS, HbA, HbA2) and relative percentages (%HbF, %HbS, %HbA, %HbA2) over time will be summarized using descriptive statistics by study visit after IMP administration.  
For the by study visit summaries and analyses of these hemoglobin fractions, an analysis window will be applied to select values for each protocol scheduled visit (see Appendix 1). If there are multiple measurements for a patient within a given analysis window, the average of the measurements will be calculated and used in the by visit summaries and analyses.
Baseline value for these Hb fractions is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
For each patient, a spaghetti plot for each of the therapeutic hemoglobin fractions (HbF, HbS, HbA, HbA2) over time will be generated. Plots of mean therapeutic hemoglobin fractions over time for all patients will also be generated.
For each patient, a bar plot showing the total Hb and the proportions of these hemoglobin fractions (%HbF, %HbS, %HbA, and %HbA2) as a percentage of total Hb by study visit will be generated. A bar plot showing the mean total Hb and mean proportions of these hemoglobin fractions as a percentage of total Hb by study visit for all patients will also be generated. 
Duration of HbF ≥30% of total Hb after IMP administration 
For each patient, the duration of the HbF≥30% of total Hb in consecutive time period after IMP administration will be calculated. 
The HbF is measured at each month in the first 6 months, and every 3 months after that. Therefore to calculate the duration, a patient needs to have:
the HbF≥30% of total Hb in 3 consecutive months in the first 6 months after IMP administration, or
the HbF≥30% of total Hb in 2 consecutive visits any time from or after Month 6. 
Otherwise, the duration of the HbF≥30% of total Hb will be set as zero.
It is also possible that a patient might use other disease-modifying agents, such as Hydroxyurea (Hu), after the IMP administration. In such a situation, the study period from the beginning of the usage of these agents to end of study will not be used for the calculation of the duration of HbF≥30% of total Hb.
A patient might reach the criteria in different study periods after IMP administration, for example, from Month 2 to Month 5, and/or from Month 9 to Month 15. The duration of the HbF ≥30% of total Hb in consecutive time period for the patient will be defined as the longest one of these periods.  
The duration of the HbF≥30% of total Hb will be summarized using descriptive statistics. 
The duration of the HbF≥30% of total Hb will also be summarized by duration category in months (<3 months, 3 to <6 months, 6 to <12 months, 12 to <18 months, and ≥18 months) and the number of patients in each duration category.
Proportion of patients with HbF ≥30% of total Hb for at least 3 months
As an exploratory analysis, the proportion of patients with HbF ≥30% of total Hb for at least 3 months will also be analyzed using frequency counts and percentages. The exact Clopper-Pearson 95% CI will also be provided. 
A patient will be considered to be a responder to this endpoint, if the patient’s HbF is ≥30% of the total Hb over a consecutive period of at least 3 months any time after IMP administration, as defined above for the calculation of duration. For patients who die, withdrawal from study, or are lost to follow-up, their response status will be based on their available HbF data before death, withdrawal, or lost to follow-up. For patients who used other disease-modifying agents such as HU, after the IMP administration, their response status will be based only on the HbF data obtained before the beginning of the usage of these agents.
Pharmacodynamic Endpoints
The frequency of the on target edits at HBG1 and HBG2 promoters (including the on-target editing A5G and bystander editings A8G, A9G, and A11G) will be monitored in the PB and BM samples using NGS. Descriptive summary statistics will be provided for the summary of the following pharmacodynamic endpoints by study visit:
Percentage of gene editing at target alleles in PB over time 
Percentage of gene editing at target alleles in BM cells over time 
A spaghetti plot for the targeted A5G edit over time will be generated for all patients.
Additionally, the following relationships between the pharmacodynamic endpoints (on-target editing) and clinical endpoints will be explored: 
Allelic editing (PB) vs. Allelic editing (BM) 
Allelic editing (PB) vs. %HbF in PB 
Allelic editing (BM) vs. %HbF in PB 
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. change in annualized number of severe VOC 
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. change in annualized number of hospitalizations for VOCs
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. change in annualized number of units of RBC transfusions
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. change in total Hb concentration 
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. changes in hemolysis markers 
%HbF in PB (at selected timepoints) vs. change in score with ASCQ-Me, PedsQL, and PedsQL SCD module compared to baseline 
These relationships will be explored using Pearson’s correlation coefficient (if normality assumption holds) or Spearman correlation coefficient (if normality does not hold). Correlation plots will be provided along with r-squared values and corresponding p-values.
Hemolysis Markers
The absolute values and changes from baseline in markers of hemolysis (including LDH, indirect bilirubin, free Hb, haptoglobin, and reticulocyte count) by study visit after IMP administration will be summarized using descriptive summary statistics. 
Baseline value for these markers of hemolysis is defined as the last assessment during screening visit. Values for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
For each patient, a spaghetti plot for each of the markers of hemolysis over time will be generated. A plot of mean values for each of the markers over time for all patients will also be generated.
Analysis of Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints
Analyses of exploratory efficacy endpoints will be based on the All Treated population.
Cellular Hb Expression
Analysis of cellular Hb expression will be performed using flow cytometry, including estimation of the proportion of circulating erythrocytes that express detectable levels of HbF (F-cells), after BEAM-101 treatment, respectively. 
The percentage of circulating erythrocytes that express detectable levels of HbF (F-cells) after BEAM-101 treatment, respectively, will be summarized by study visit using descriptive statistics. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during the screening visit.
Additionally, the mean corpuscular HbF level will be calculated for each study visit by two different methods as below:
Mean HbF per F cell = MCH (pg) x HbF (%) / F cell (%)
Mean HbF per RBC = MCH (pg) x HbF (%)
The mean corpuscular HbF levels after BEAM-101 treatment calculated by above methods will be summarized by study visit using descriptive statistics.
Hemorheological Biomarkers
The hemorheological biomarkers including hemorheological biomarkers 1 (deformability, density, O2 affinity, viscosity, and hematocrit-to-viscosity ratio) and hemorheological biomarkers 2 (flow adhesion to laminin, P-selectin and/or VCAM1, and dynamic sickling) include the following specific measurements: 
Deformability: RBC deformability in the oxygenated and deoxygenated state are determined using oxygen gradient ektacytometry with the following measurements:
Point of sickling (PoS): PoS is the oxygen pressure at which 5% of the RBCs begin to sickle. PoS oxygen pressure is expressed as mmHg (millimeters of mercury)
EImax: The Elongation Index (El) measured when RBCs are oxygenated corresponds to highest RBC flexibility 
EImin: The elongation index measured when RBCs are deoxygenated corresponds to lowest RBC deformability.
Density: %DRBC measures the percentage of dense red blood cells, defined as >1.11mg/mL. 
O2 Affinity: p50 is the oxygen tension when hemoglobin is 50 % saturated with oxygen. 
Viscosity/HVR
Whole blood viscosity is measured under high (225s-1) and low (45s-1) shear rates. 
Hematocrit-to-viscosity ratios (HVR):  HVR will be calculated using Hct (hematocrit) values divided by the viscosity obtained at each shear rate. 
Adhesion Index: 
Adhesion index for laminin (Adhesion_Lam) is measured in a microfluidic device from adhered cells, visualized, counted, and expressed as number of cells per area.
Adhesion Index for P-Selectin and VCAM1: Standardized microfluidic flow adhesion assays used to measure adhesion to P-Selectin and VCAM1 respectively. These are expressed as cells/mm2.
Dynamic Sickling: Dynamic sickling are measured in a dynamic sickling assay performed in a microfluidic device under enzymatically induced hypoxic conditions using a Protocatechuic acid (PCA) and Protocatechuate 3,4-Dioxygenase (PCD) system at a predetermined rate. It includes the following parameters:
mPOS: Morphological Point of Sickling, time to reach 5% induced morphological point of sickling (Unit: min)
T ½: Time to reach 50% induced maximum sickling (Unit: min)
Maximum Rate of Sickling (slope): The maximum induced sickling rate, generally observed at the linear phase of the kinetic curve (Unit: %/min)
Maximum Induced Sickling: The highest induced sickling percentage (Unit: %)
Area Under the Curve (AUC) at 10min: The area under the curve at 10min of DSA (Unit: %*min).
Change from baseline will be calculated for screening and post-IMP administration visits. Descriptive statistics will be presented by study visit.
Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during screening visit. Values for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Peripheral Blood Cellular Morphology
The peripheral blood cellular morphology will be measured during screening, mobilization, conditioning, and at all post IMP administration visits. Descriptive statistics will be used to summarize the morphology. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during screening visit. Values for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Inflammatory Biomarkers
The inflammatory markers (CRP, IL-6, IL-8) and endothelial activation markers (VCAM1) will be measured at screening, Month 3, 6, 12, 18, and 24 during the study.
Change from baseline in these inflammatory markers and VCAM1 will be summarized using descriptive statistics. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during screening visit. Values for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Markers of Ineffective Erythropoiesis
The markers of ineffective erythropoiesis includes hepcidin, erythropoietin, erythroferrone, and growth differentiation factor (GDF-15). 
Change from baseline in markers of ineffective erythropoiesis after IMP administration will be summarized using descriptive statistics. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during screening visit. Values for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Function of Organs Impacted by SCD
Changes from baseline in function of organs impacted by SCD after IMP administration will be summarized using descriptive statistics. Values for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Change from Baseline in Renal Function as Measured by GFR
Two types of GFR will be calculated:
GFR calculated based on MDRD equation using serum creatinine (Scr):
Race	Sex	Unit	MDRD Equation (2012)
African American	Male	CV	175 × (Scr)-1.154 × (Age)-0.203 × (1.212) 
African American	Female	CV	175 × (Scr)-1.154 × (Age)-0.203 × (1.212) × (0.742) 
White or other	Male	CV	175 × (Scr)-1.154 × (Age)-0.203 
White or other	Female	CV	175 × (Scr)-1.154 × (Age)-0.203 × (0.742) 
GFR calculated based on adult or pediatric formula using serum cystatin C level (mg/L):
Age (Years)	Sex	Cystatin C Level	Unit	Cystatin C-Based Equation (2012)
≥18 	Male	≤ 0.8 mg/dL	CV	133 x (Cystatin C / 0.8) -0.499 x (0.996)age
≥18 	Female	≤ 0.8 mg/dL	CV	133 x (Cystatin C / 0.8) -0.499 x (0.996)age x 0.932
≥18 	Male	> 0.8 mg/dL	CV	133 x (Cystatin C / 0.8) -1.328 x (0.996)age
≥18 	Female	> 0.8 mg/dL	CV	133 x (Cystatin C / 0.8) -1.328 x (0.996)age x 0.932
<18 			CV	70.69 x (Cystatin C) -0.931
These GFRs will be obtained at the screening visit, Month 12, and Month 24/End of Study (EOS). Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated. Baseline is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
Change from Baseline in Echocardiography Parameters
Major Echocardiography parameters to be determined and reported during ECHO for the purpose of this study include:
LVEF - the left ventricular ejection fraction (an indicator of ventricular function) 
TRV - tricuspid regurgitant jet velocity (an indicator of valvular structural abnormality) 
Pulmonary systolic artery pressure (an indicator of potential pulmonary hypertension). 
These ECHO parameters will be measured and summarized at the screening visit, Month 12, and Month 24/EOS. Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated, where baseline will be the last measurement during screening visit. Other ECHO assessments will not be summarized but will be listed in data listing.
Change from Baseline in Pulmonary Function Test Parameters
The following pulmonary function test parameters as assessed by spirometry will be reported and summarized:
Spirometry parameters:
Forced Expiratory Volume (FEV1), defined as the maximum volume of air forcefully exhaled in one second 
Forced Vital Capacity (FVC), defined as the volume of air that can be forcibly exhaled after taking the deepest breath possible 
Ratio of FVC to FEV1
Total Lung Capacity (TLC), the sum of the following lung volumes: inspiratory reserve volume, tidal volume, expiratory reserve volume, and residual volume 
Diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (DLCO)
These test parameters will be measured at the screening visit, Month 12, and Month 24/EOS. Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated. Baseline is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
The overall assessment of the pulmonary function (normal, abnormal not clinically significant, and abnormal clinically significant) will also be summarized by study visit using frequency counts and percentages. 
Change from Baseline in Cardiopulmonary Exercise Testing (CPET):
CPET has been used to demonstrate adequate tissue oxygen delivery. The following CPET parameters will be summarized and reported:
Maximal oxygen uptake (VO2 max) from rest to maximal exercise (mL/min/kg)
Ventilatory threshold oxygen uptake (mL/min/kg) 
These parameters will be measured at baseline (during the screening period) and at Month 12 and Month 24/EOS after IMP administration. Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated. Baseline is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
The overall assessment of the CPET (normal, abnormal not clinically significant, and abnormal clinically significant) will also be summarized by study visit using frequency counts and percentages. 
Changes from Baseline in Cerebral Hemodynamics Parameters by Transcranial Doppler (TCD): 
TCD will be performed in pediatric patients ≤16 years of age. The time-averaged maximal mean blood-flow velocity (unit: cm/sec) measured by TCD from different carotid arteries will be summarized and reported.
The time-averaged maximal mean velocity will be obtained at screening visit and at Month 12 and Month 24/EOS after IMP administration. Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated. Baseline is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
Changes in Serum Iron Studies 
The serum iron studies include:
serum iron 
ferritin
transferrin
transferrin saturation 
total iron binding capacity.
These iron studies will be measured at baseline and also at multiple time points after IMP administration. Change from baseline by study visit will be calculated. For iron studies, the baseline value is defined as the last assessment before conditioning visit.
Liver magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) will also be performed at baseline and Month 24 to evaluate iron overload during study:
The overall results (normal, abnormal not clinically significant, and abnormal clinically significant) and findings by liver MRI (fatty liver, mild to moderate iron overload, severe iron overload, fibrosis, cirrhosis, hepatitis, and other liver abnormality) will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages.
The liver iron concentration (mg/g) at each visit and change from baseline will be summarized using descriptive statistics.
Opioid Use
A patient’s post-IMP administration opioid uses for pain control compared to baseline are assessed at Months 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, and 24. Patients will be asked two questions as follows:
In the opinion of the investigator, since the last visit, how has the patient's actual opioid use changed? (Increased, decreased, no change, unknown, and other)
In the opinion of the investigator, comparing to screening visit, how has the patient's actual opioid use changed? (Increased, decreased, no change, unknown, and other)
Frequency counts and percentages will be used to summarize opioid use by study visit.
6-Minute Walk Test
The 6-minute walk test (6MWT) is a submaximal exercise test measuring the distance walked, at a normal pace, over a span of 6 minutes to assess aerobic capacity and endurance. This test is performed at the screening visit and at Month 12 and Month 24/EOS.
Changes from baseline in total distance (meters) walked in 6-minutes will be summarized using descriptive statistics. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment before IMP administration.
Frequency of Guide-RNA-Dependent Off-Target Edits and HBG2 Deletion in PB and BM Cells Over Time
The frequency of the HBG2 deletion and the guide-RNA-dependent off-target edits (TXN-OT and LINC01725-OT) will be monitored in the same PB and BM samples using NGS and digital droplet PCR.
The frequency of the off-target edits and HBG2 deletion over time will be summarized using descriptive statistics. 
A data listing including all HBG2 deletion and the off-target edits data will be provided by study center and patient number.
Evaluation of Subgroups
If data permit, the primary endpoint will also be analyzed by the subgroups in Section 4.7.
Other Efficacy Analysis 
Not applicable
Analysis of Patient Reported Outcomes
Analyses of patient reported outcomes will be based on the All Treated population.
SF-36
The Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) self-rated questionnaire yields a health profile based on the following 8 subscales and 2 component analyses:
Subscales:
Physical Functioning: limitations in physical activities because of health problems.
Role-Physical: limitations in usual role activities because of physical health problems.
Bodily Pain.
General Health: perception of general health.
Vitality: energy and fatigue.
Social Functioning: limitations in social activities because of physical or emotional problems.
Role-Emotional: limitations in usual role activities because of emotional problems.
Mental Health: general mental health (psychological distress and well-being.
Component analyses:    
PCS: Physical component summary 
MCS: Mental component summary
Details in scoring these 8 subscales and 2 component analyses are described in the SF-36 Users’ Manual.
Descriptive statistics in terms of score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for each of the eight subscales and 2 component analyses.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
BPI-SF
The Brief Pain Inventory-Short Form (BPI-SF) is a 9-item self-administered questionnaire used to evaluate the severity of a patient’s pain and the impact of this pain on the patient’s daily functioning. The patient is asked to rate their worst, least, average, and current pain intensity, list current treatments and their perceived effectiveness, and rate the degree that pain interferes with general activity, mood, walking ability, normal work, relations with other persons, sleep, and enjoyment of life on a 10-point scale. The assessment will be administered at screening and monthly from Month 3 until end of study.
For the following 3 individual items, frequency counts and percentages will be presented by study visit:
Item #1: have you had pain other than these everyday kinds of pain today?
Item #2: the area that hurts the most
Item #7: what treatment or medications are you receiving for your pain?
For the other 6 items with scores in a 10-point scale, descriptive statistics in terms of mean and change from baseline will be presented by visit for each of the individual items.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
FACIT-Fatigue
The Functional Assessment of Chronic Illness Therapy (FACIT)-Fatigue scale is a 13-item patient-reported measure of fatigue with a 7-day recall period. Items are scored on a 0 – 4 response scale with anchors ranging from “Not at all” to “Very much”. To score the FACIT-fatigue, all items are summed to create a single fatigue total score with a range from 0 to 52. The total score will be calculated using a SAS function CEIL, as CEIL[(sum of nonmissing items) × 13) / (number of nonmissing items)]. If more than 2 of the 13 items are missing, the total score will be set to missing.
Descriptive statistics in terms of total score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for the total score.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
PedsQL and PedsQL SCD
PedsQL Generic Core Scales
The Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) Generic Core Scales were designed to measure the core dimensions of health as well as role functioning in healthy children and adolescents and those with acute and chronic health conditions. It includes 23 individual items and is grouped into the following 4 multidimensional scales:
Physical functioning (8 items) 
Emotional functioning (5 items) 
Social functioning (5 items)
School Functioning (5 items)
Items are scored on a 0 – 4 response scale corresponding with “Never”, “Almost never”, “Sometimes”, “Often”, and “Almost always”. For ease of interpretability, items are reversed scored and linearly transformed to a 0 – 100 scale, so that higher scores indicate better Health-Related Quality of Life (HRQOL):
Response Choices	Never	Almost Never	Sometimes	Often	Almost Always
Raw Scores	0	1	2	3	4
0-100 Scale Scores	100	75	50	25	0
Mean scores will be calculated for the above 4 multidimensional scales and also for the following 3 Summary Scores:
Total scale score (23 items)
Physical health summary score (8 items, same as the Physical functioning scale)
Psychosocial health summary score (15 items, includes emotional, social, and school functioning scales).
These Summary Scores are computed as the sum of the items divided by the number of items answered (this accounts for missing data). If more than 50% of the items in the scale are missing, the Scale Score should not be computed.
Descriptive statistics in terms of mean score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for the 4 multidimensional scales and the 3 summary scores.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
PedsQL Sickle Cell Disease Scales
The PedsQL SCD module is designed to evaluate the SCD-specific health-related quality of life in healthy children and adolescents. It encompasses 43 individual items and is grouped into nine scales: 
Pain and Hurt (9 items) 
Pain Impact (10 items) 
Pain Management and Control (2 items)
Worry I (5 items)
Worry II (2 items) 
Emotions (2 items) 
Treatment (7 items) 
Communication I (3 items) 
Communication II (3 items) 
The format, instructions, Likert response scale, and scoring method for the PedsQL SCD Module are identical to the PedsQL Generic Core Scales above. 
Mean scores will be calculated for the above 9 scales. To create the PedsQL SCD Module Total Scale Score (43 items), the mean is computed as the sum of the items divided by the number of items answered.
Descriptive statistics in terms of mean score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for these 9 scales.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
ASCQ-Me
The Adult Sickle Cell Quality of Life Measurement (ASCQ-Me) assesses the quality of life of adults who have SCD:
The ASCQ-Me Emotional Impact sub-scale evaluates patients’ emotional impact in the past 7 days. It contains 5 items with each item encompassing 5 impact grades.   
The ASCQ-Me Social Functional Impact sub-scale evaluates patients’ social functioning impact during the past 30 days. It also contains 5 items with each item encompassing 5 impact grades.
The ASCQ-Me Emotional Impact and Social Functioning Impact are scored using the item response theory (IRT) model adopted in ASCQ-Me (ie., the graded response model). A trait score (ie., t score) will be calculated using the computerized testing technology for each visit.
Descriptive statistics in terms of mean score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for these 2 component scores.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
EQ-5D-5L and EQ-5D-Y
The EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument (EQ-5D-5L) consists of 2 pages – the EQ-5D descriptive system and the EQ Visual Analogue scale (EQ VAS). 
The descriptive system comprises 5 dimensions (mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression). Each dimension has 5 levels: no problems, slight problems, moderate problems, severe problems, and extreme problems. To score the EQ-5D descriptive system, the 5 levels of each dimension are scored on a 1 – 5 response scale corresponding with “no problems”, “slight problems”, “moderate problems”, “severe problems”, and “extreme problems”. The 5 scores are concatenated together (in the order above) to create an EQ-5D-5L profile (e.g, 11111, 55555). The descriptive system profile is linked to a “value set” to obtain a single summary index value. The United States value set will be used, in which the index values range from -0.109 (associated with a profile of 55555) to 1.0 (associated with a profile of 11111). Higher index values indicate better health status.
The EQ VAS records the patient’s self-rated health on a vertical, visual analogue scale where the endpoints are labelled ‘Best imaginable health state’ (score = 100) and ‘Worst imaginable health state’ (score = 0).
The EuroQoL Quality of Life instrument-Youth (EQ-5D-Y) also consists of 2 pages - the EQ-5D descriptive system and the EQ VAS. The descriptive system comprises the same five dimensions as the EQ-5D-5L, but uses more appropriate, child-friendly wording. Scoring of the EQ-5D descriptive system and EQ VAS are the same as the EQ-5D-5L. 
Descriptive statistics in terms of mean score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for the EQ-5D index value and EQ VAS score. Categorical descriptive statistics for ordinal responses within each EQ-5D domain will be presented at each visit
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
PGIS and PGIC
The patient’s Global Impression of Severity (PGIS) scale describes the severity of the patient’s SCD symptoms at the visit. It includes 5 severity grades corresponding with “Absent”, “Minimal”, “Moderate”, “Severe”, and “Very severe”. 
The patient’s Global Impression of Change (PGIC) scale describes the overall change in patient’s SCD symptoms since the start of the study at the first visit. It encompasses 7 change grades corresponding with “Very much better”, “Moderately better”, “A little better”, “No change”, “A little worse”, “Moderately worse”, and “Very much worse”.   
Frequency counts and percentages will be presented for PGIS and PGIC by visit for baseline and post-baseline visit.
Scores for post-baseline visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8. For PGIS, baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization.
Change in Work and School Questionnaire
The change in work and school has 27 individual questions. These individual questions will be summarized independently. Frequency counts and percentages will be presented for 18 of the 27 questions with a Yes or No responses by study visit, while descriptive statistics will be presented by visit for the other 9 questions with responses for age and number of days.
Pharmacokinetic Analysis
Not applicable
Pharmacodynamic Analyses
Not applicable
Safety Analyses
Safety summaries will be based on the Safety population or All Treated population, as appropriate. 
The safety profile will be assessed in different study time periods, as specified in Section 4.8. Some patients in the safety population may not be eligible for safety analyses during some of the study time periods. For example, if a patient has entered into mobilization but does not receive IMP administration, this patient would not be included in the analyses of safety data for the post-IMP administration period. 
Safety summaries will include descriptive statistics for values, changes, and incidence of events. Conventions for the definition of baseline values and visit windowing are given in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1. Missing safety data will not be imputed.
Primary Safety Analysis
The primary safety endpoints will be analyzed based on the All Treated population.
Neutrophil engraftment is defined as achieving an ANC >0.5×109/L for 3 consecutive days, independent of growth factor support. The date of neutrophil engraftment is defined as the first day of the 3 consecutive measurements obtained after the IMP administration. Neutrophil engraftment failure is defined as failure to achieve neutrophil engraftment within 42 days after IMP administration.
Platelet engraftment is defined as achieving a platelet count ≥50000/μL on 3 separate days after IMP administration without receiving a platelet transfusion for at least 7 days prior to the first of these 3 measurements. The date of platelet engraftment is defined as the first day of the 3 consecutive measurements obtained after IMP administration.
Time from IMP administration to neutrophil or platelet engraftment is calculated as: date of engraftment – Day 1 + 1. 
The proportion of patients with successful neutrophil engraftment within 42 days after IMP administration will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages. The 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will also be presented. Time to neutrophil engraftment will be analyzed by the Kaplan-Meier method. Patients with neutrophil engraftment failure by Day 43 will be censored at Day 43.
The number of patients with successful platelet engraftment will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages. The 95% CI using Clopper-Pearson method will also be presented. Time to platelet engraftment will be summarized using descriptive statistics based on patients who had successful platelet engraftment.
For each patient, a spaghetti plot for neutrophils and platelets over time will be generated. The local lab data for these parameters before neutrophil or platelet engraftment will be used for these spaghetti plots.
The transplant-related mortality within 100 days after treatment will also be summarized using frequency count and percentage.
A data listing for patients’ neutrophil and platelet engraftment status, time, ANC levels, platelet counts, and other information will be provided by study center and patient number.
Adverse Events
Summaries of adverse events (AEs) will be based on the Safety population.
All adverse events will be coded using the MedDRA latest version. In this dictionary, each verbatim term is coded to a lower level term, and then mapped to a MedDRA Preferred Term (PT), which is then mapped to a System Organ Class (SOC). 
A treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) is defined as an adverse event with an onset that occurs after receiving IMP administration. 
Besides TEAEs, all AEs collected after date of informed consent until the end of study will be summarized according to the relative study periods as defined in Section 4.8. The number of patients “at risk” in each study period will also be provided in the AE summary tables. Patients who are lost to follow-up, withdrew from the study, or died prior to the beginning of the study period will be excluded from the number “at risk” in the relative study period.
The following AE summaries (number and percentages of patients by PT and SOC, and by study period defined in Section 4.8) will be presented:
AE summary	Study Periods
Overall review of AEs	All
AEs by SOC and PT	All
AEs by PT - AEs will be presented by descending frequency PT	All
AEs by maximum grade by SOC and PT	All
Grade 3 or higher AEs by SOC and PT	All
Serious AEs by SOC and PT	All
AEs related to sickle cell disease by SOC and PT	All 
AEs related to Plerixafor by SOC and PT	MP
AEs related to Leukapheresis by SOC and PT	MP
AEs related to Busulfan by SOC and PT	CP
TEAEs related to study drug by SOC and PT	EP, FP, TP
Relationship of TEAEs by SOC and PT	EP, FP, TP
Grade 3 or higher TEAEs related to study drug by SOC and PT	EP, FP, TP
Serious TEAEs related to study drug by SOC and PT	EP, FP, TP
AEs leading to mobilization discontinuation by SOC and PT	MP
AEs leading to leukapheresis discontinuation by SOC and PT	MP
AEs leading to conditioning discontinuation by SOC and PT	CP
TEAEs leading to IMP treatment discontinuation by SOC and PT	EP, FP, TP
At the adverse event level, the summary tables will present the number of patients reporting each of the MedDRA PTs, ie, the number of patients reporting 1 or more events that map to the given MedDRA PT. At the SOC level, the summary tables will present the number of patients reporting 1 or more PTs that map to the given SOC.
For the summary of AEs by SOC, PT, and maximum grade, if a patient experiences more than 1 episode of a particular coded PT, the patient will be counted only once by the maximum grade of the episode (PT). Similarly, if a patient has more than 1 adverse event within an SOC, the patient will be counted only once by the maximum grade in that SOC. Adverse events with missing grade will be classified as having the Grade 3 severity.
Summaries of AEs related to study drug or study procedures will be based on the investigator’s assessment; an assessment of ‘Related’, ‘Likely Related’, or missing will be considered related to drug products or procedures. If a patient experiences more than 1 episode of a particular coded PT, the patient will be counted only once by the most related report for the PT. Similarly, if a patient has more than 1 adverse event within an SOC, the patient will be counted only once by the most related report in that SOC. Adverse events with missing relationship will be classified as having the highest relationship to study drug or study procedure.
SOCs will be sorted by alphabetical order. Within an SOC, PTs will be sorted in descending order of total number of patients with PT.
All adverse events will be listed by study center, patient number and onset date of the adverse event. The listing will contain: patient identifier, age, sex, race, adverse event (PT and reported term), SOC, onset date, end date or whether the event was ongoing, duration of AE, toxicity grade, relationship to study drug or procedure, relationship to sickle cell disease, action taken concerning study drug, the outcome, whether the adverse event was an SAE, any concomitant medication or procedure given for the AE, AE consistent with a VOC, and other actions taken as the result of the AE.
Special listings for TEAEs leading to IMP treatment discontinuation, SAEs, and deaths will also be presented.
Clinical Laboratory Evaluations
All laboratory data summaries and analyses will be based on central laboratory data. For laboratory data summaries:
Baseline value is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization 
Values for pre-mobilization and pre-conditioning visits will be determined by comparing the laboratory measurement date with the first mobilization date or conditioning date: the last results prior to the relative date will be used.
Values for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1. 
During mobilization and conditioning periods, some laboratory assessments by local lab may be collected. These data will not be summarized but will be included in data listings.
Serum Chemistry and Liver Function
Serum chemistry parameters include:
sodium, chloride, potassium, bicarbonate, glucose, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, eGFR, calcium, magnesium, and phosphate 
liver panel of tests including ALT, AST, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), GGT, total bilirubin, direct bilirubin, and indirect bilirubin. 
For each of these parameters, the following will be displayed by study visit and end of study.
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values.
Shift tables for the change from Baseline to each post-baseline visit and end of study. For these tables, each patient will be categorized as low, normal, or high for the baseline value, and low, normal, or high for each post-Baseline visit and end of study, according to the central laboratory reference ranges. The number of patients in each of the combinations of shifts will be presented.
Potentially clinically significant (PCS) laboratory values, as defined in Appendix 2, will be summarized for post-IMP administration. The number and percentage of patients with PCS values observed post-IMP administration in each of the applicable laboratory parameters will be presented.
A listing of all laboratory data will be provided. Laboratory data outside of the normal reference range will be flagged on the listing along with values meeting PCS criteria. The listing will also include the age (at consent) and sex of the patient. Listings of PCS laboratory values will also be presented. 
Summaries and listings of laboratory data will be presented, as appropriate, in both Systeme International (SI) and conventional units.
Hematology CBC and Differential
Hematology assessments include RBC count, platelet count, total hemoglobin, hematocrit, total WBC count, WBC differential, neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes, eosinophils, basophils, and RBC parameters (mean corpuscular volume [MCV], mean corpuscular hemoglobin [MCH], mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration [MCHC], and red cell distribution width [RDW]). 
For each hematology parameter, the following will be displayed by study visit and end of study:
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values.
Shift tables for the change from Baseline to each post-baseline visit and end of study. For these tables, each patient will be categorized as low, normal, or high for the baseline value, and low, normal, or high for each post-Baseline visit and end of study, according to the central laboratory reference ranges. The number of patients in each of the combinations of shifts will be presented.
Potentially clinically significant (PCS) laboratory values, as defined in Appendix 2, will be summarized for post-IMP administration. The number and percentage of patients with PCS values observed post-IMP administration in each of the applicable laboratory parameters will be presented.
A listing of all laboratory data will be provided. Laboratory data outside of the normal reference range will be flagged on the listing along with values meeting PCS criteria. The listing will also include the age (at consent) and sex of the patient. Listings of PCS laboratory values will also be presented.
Coagulation
Coagulation tests include: Prothrombin time (PT), partial thromboplastin time (PTT), and international normalized ratio (INR). 
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values by study visit and end of study will be presented.
Urinalysis for Renal Function
As part of exploratory analyses of renal function following IMP administration, urine samples will be collected and measured. The following parameters will be measured: 
Urinalysis: pH, specific gravity, ketone, albumin, glucose, protein, bilirubin, nitrite, RBCs, urobinogen, leukocytes, and microscopy. 
Spot urine albumin/creatinine ratio: A spot urinary albumin level will be obtained and normalized to urine creatinine to determine urine albumin/creatinine ratio (ACR). 
Urine ELISA: For kidney injury molecule 1 (KIM-1) and N-acetyl-ß-D-glucosaminidase (NAG). 
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values by study visit and end of study will be presented.
Gonadal Function Assessment
Gonadal function is assessed for all patients ≥12 years of age. For female patients, luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), anti-Müllerian hormone, and estradiol levels are obtained. For male patients, luteinizing hormone, FSH, and early morning total testosterone levels are obtained.
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values by study visit and end of study will be presented. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment during screening visit.
NT proBNP
N-Terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide (NT-proBNP) is measured at the screening visit, Month 12, and Month 24/EOS for each patient. 
Summary statistics (n, mean, SD, median, minimum, and maximum) for the actual values and change from Baseline values by study visit and end of study will be presented. Because NT-proBNP levels are not normally distributed, the log-transformed NT-proBNP values will be used in this summary. Baseline value is defined as the last assessment before IMP administration.
Vital Signs
Vital signs measurements include systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature, heart rate, respiration rate, weight, height, and oxygen saturation level by pulse oximetry. 
Changes from Baseline in these vital sign measurements will be summarized using descriptive statistics by study visit and end of study. 
For vital signs data summaries:
Baseline value is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization 
Values for pre-mobilization and pre-conditioning visits will be determined by comparing the date of vital signs measurement with the first mobilization date or conditioning date: the last results prior to the relative date will be used.
Values for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1. 
The number and percentage of patients with at least one Potentially Clinically Significant (PCS) vital sign value during the post-IMP administration period will be presented for each variable. A listing of PCS vital signs values will also be presented. The criteria for identification of PCS vital signs values are given in Appendix 3.
Physical Examinations
The evaluation results (Normal, abnormal not clinically significant, abnormal clinically significant) for each body system by physical examination will be summarized by study visit and body system using frequency count and percentages. 
All physical examination findings will be listed by study center and patient number. The following variables will be listed: patient identifier, age, sex, study visit, visit date, body system, whether there was an abnormality, and, a description of the abnormality.
Tanner staging or Sexual Maturity Rating is performed for patients under 18 years. Stages for pubic hair scale, female breast development scales, and male external genitalia scales will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages.
Karnofsky and Lansky Performance Scales
The Karnofsky performance scale will measure overall functional status and impairment in patients ≥16 years old, while Lansky performance scale will measure overall functional status and impairment in patients younger than 16 years old. During the study, after an adolescent patient turns 16 years of age, an age-appropriate scale (Karnofsky or Lansky) will be administered at the investigator’s discretion. Both scales use a 100-point scale-score to evaluate patient’s overall functional status and impairment.  
Descriptive statistics in terms of mean score and change from baseline will be presented by visit for these scales. In case a patient switched from Lansky scale to the Karnofsky scale during study, the Karnofsky scores will be mapped into the Lansky scores in the same scale for the summary.
Baseline score is defined as the first assessment on or after Informed Consent but before initiation of mobilization. Scores for pre-mobilization and pre-conditioning visits will be determined by comparing the measurement date with the first mobilization date or conditioning date: the last results prior to the relative date will be used. Scores for post-IMP administration visits will be determined based on the visit window defined in Section 4.8 and Appendix 1.
Brain MRI and MRA
Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Magnetic Resonance Angiography (MRA) will be performed during screening to detect potential silent cerebral infarcts and cerebral vasculopathy for patient’s eligibility. After IMP administration, follow-up MRI/MRA studies will be obtained to evaluate if there are any changes in these neuroimaging assessments. 
The overall results (normal, abnormal not clinically significant, and abnormal clinically significant) and findings (vasculopathy, moyamoya syndrome unilateral, moyamoya syndrome bilateral, infarction, ischemia, hemorrhage, posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome, and other cerebrovascular anomalies) at baseline and Month 12 and 24/EOS will be summarized using frequency counts and percentages.
The number of lesions and the size of each lesion (by maximum diameter) will be summarized by study visit using descriptive statistics.
Bone Marrow Biopsy and Aspirate Assessment with Cytogenetics
Bone marrow biopsy and aspirate with cytogenetics will be performed during screening and after IMP administration. Evaluation include the assessment of BM cellularity, cellular morphology, the erythroid to myeloid cell ratio, and conventional cytogenetics.
The BM cellularity (%), myeloid-to-erythroid ratio, presence of malignancy, presence of myelodysplasia, and the overall results (normal, abnormal not clinically significant, and abnormal clinically significant) at baseline and Month 12 and 24/EOS will be summarized using descriptive statistics.
Prior and Concomitant Procedures
The prior and concomitant procedures are defined as follows:
Prior procedure refers to the procedure that started prior to IMP administration (ie, procedure start date < IMP administration date).
Concomitant procedure is defined as the procedure that started prior to IMP administration but continued on or after IMP administration, or started on or after IMP administration.
If start date and stop date are missing, the procedure will be assumed to occur both prior and concomitantly.
Prior and concomitant procedures will be summarized by giving the number and percentage of patients by procedures.
All prior and concomitant procedures will be listed by study center and patient number. The listings will contain patient identifier, procedure/surgery name, procedure date, and reason for procedure.
Pregnancy Test and Serum Virology
Serum virology including HIV, hepatitis B surface antigen (HepBsAg), hepatitis B core antibody (HepBcAb), Human T-cell lymphotropic virus (HTLV-1 or HTLV-2) and HCV by PCR will be performed for all patients at the screening visit, pre-mobilization, and pre-conditioning visit. Test results will be listed by study center and patient number. 
For females, pregnancy test results will be listed by study center, study visit, and patient number.
Prior and Concomitant Medications
The prior and concomitant medications are defined as follows:
Prior medication refers to the medication that the patients started taking prior to the IMP administration (ie, medication start date < IMP administration date).
Concomitant medication is defined as medication that the patients continued taking or took from IMP administration through end of study.
If start date and stop date are missing, medication will be assumed to occur both prior and concomitantly.
Prior and concomitant medications will be coded using the latest version of the World Health Organization (WHO) Drug Dictionary and summarized by giving the number and percentage of patients by medications within each therapeutic class, with therapeutic class and medications in each class sorted in alphabetical order. The number of patients with medications in each selected therapeutic class will also be presented. If a patient reports taking 2 medications belonging to the same class, he/she will only be counted once within that class. 
Summaries of prior and concomitant medications will be based on the All Enrolled population. Summaries of prior and concomitant medications will be presented based on the study periods specified in Section 4.8.
All prior and concomitant medications will be listed by study center and patient number. The listings will contain patient identifier, WHO Drug preferred term and reported term, dose, unit, route, frequency, the indication for which the medication was being taken, start date, stop date, and whether the medication was ongoing.
Data Monitoring Committee 
The Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) is an independent group of experts who are not affiliated with any study site and who will advise the sponsor regarding the future of the study. The members of the DMC serve in an individual capacity and provide their expertise and recommendations. Details on the responsibilities, composition, meeting frequency, and other activities of the DMC are outlined in the DMC charter.
At the first DMC meeting, the DMC will review aggregate safety data, per the DMC charter, from the initial 3-patient sentinel cohort (including data from the third patient through at least Day 30 post-IMP administration) and make a recommendation regarding study status and further enrollment. At that point, additional patients may be enrolled in the study in an expansion cohort without staggering, based on DMC recommendation. During enrollment into this expansion cohort and continuing until all patients have completed 24 months of follow-up or withdrawn consent, the DMC will meet at least semi-annually to review data, as defined in the charter, from patients enrolled to date.
The DMC will be provided with the following data to assess the safety of the study drug. Other data might be provided to DMC for their safety assessment if it is necessary:
Disposition 
Demographic and baseline characteristics
Baseline disease characteristics
Prior and concomitant medications
Adverse events (AEs)
Related adverse events 
Grade 3 or higher AEs by SOC and PT
Serious adverse events (SAEs) 
AEs leading to discontinuation 
All deaths
Vital signs (Potentially clinically significant values)
Laboratory assessments (Potentially clinically significant values)
Time to neutrophil engraftment
Mobilization data
Platelet and RBC transfusion
Hemolysis labs, total Hb, and Hb fractions
For each of the planned DMC meetings, a data cut-off date will be settled:
Patient’s study visit data collected before the cut-off date will be entered into database
Data will be cleaned as much as possible, while for critical data, data will be fully cleaned.
Data will be summarized and submitted to the DMC one week before the DMC meeting.
Changes from the Protocol Planned Analyses 
No change has been made.
References
Not applicable
Appendices

Analysis Window
For Bone marrow aspirate with cytogenetics, bone marrow for on- and off-target editing assay, bone marrow collect/hold genomic DNA, brain MRI, pulmonary DLCO, spirometry and total lung capacity, transcranial doppler ultrasound, cardiopulmonary exercise testing, doppler cardiac echocardiography, Urine Studies (Gross assessment and dipstick analysis; Urinalysis; Spot Albumin:Creatinine ratio; Urine ELISA [KIM-1, NAG]) , serum cystatin C, N-T BNP, coagulation, gonadal function, and 6-minute walk tests:
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 12	Day 360	1	540
Month 24	Day 720	541	End of study

For peripheral blood collect/hold genomic DNA:
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 9	Day 270	1	315
Month 12	Day 360	316	540
Month 24	Day 720	541	End of study

For Karnofsky and Lansky performance scales, hemorheological Biomarkers 1 (Deformability, density, oxygen affinity, viscosity, and hematocrit-to-viscosity ratio):
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 6	Day 180	1	270
Month 12	Day 360	271	450
Month 18	Day 540	451	630
Month 24	Day 720	631	End of study

For SF-36, ASCQ-Me, PedsQL and PedsQL SCD Module, FACIT-Fatigue, Changes in Work and School, EQ-5D-5L, EQ-5D-Y, PGIS, PGIC, markers of ineffective erythropoiesis, inflammatory and endothelial activation biomarkers, serum iron studies, and hemorheologic biomarkers 2 (Dynamic sickling, flow adhesion to laminin, P-selectin, and/or VCAM1):
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 3	Day 90	1	135
Month 6	Day 270	136	270
Month 12	Day 360	271	450
Month 18	Day 540	451	630
Month 24	Day 720	631	End of study

For Cellular Hemoglobin Through Experimental Cytometry:
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 1	Day 30	1	45
Month 2	Day 60	46	120
Month 6	Day 180	121	270
Month 12	Day 360	271	450
Month 18	Day 540	451	630
Month 24	Day 720	631	End of study

For hemoglobin profile, percentage therapeutic hemoglobin expressing RBCs, vital signs, physical examination, hematology CBC and differentials, hemolysis analysis, serum chemistry, opioid use, and liver function panel:
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 1	Day 30	1	45
Month 2	Day 60	46	75
Month 3	Day 90	76	105
Month 4	Day 120	106	135
Month 5	Day 150	136	165
Month 6	Day 180	166	225
Month 9	Day 270	226	315
Month 12	Day 360	316	405
Month 15	Day 450	406	495
Month 18	Day 540	496	570
Month 21	Day 630	571	675
Month 24	Day 720	676	End of study

For peripheral blood for on and off-target editing assay: 
Study Visit 
(Month)	Target Day	Analysis Window (Study Day)
		Start	End
Month 3	Day 90	1	135
Month 6	Day 180	135	225
Month 9	Day 270	225	300
Month 12	Day 360	301	405
Month 15	Day 450	406	495
Month 18	Day 540	496	570
Month 21	Day 600	571	645
Month 24	Day 720	646	End of study

For BPI-SF: BPI-SF is assessed monthly from Month 3 until end of study. Each month will be calculated relative to IMP administration:
The Target Day is the number of month x 30
The lower bound of the window = Target Day – 14
The upper bound of the window = Target Day + 15
Criteria for Identification of potentially clinically significant laboratory values
Parameter	Unit Type	Unita
PCS Definition
Hematology			
Hemoglobin	SI	g/L	Low: 0.9LLN
	conventional	g/dL	Low: 0.9LLN
Red cell count (RBC)	SI	10^12/L	High: 1.1ULN, Low: 0.9LLN
	conventional	10^12/L	High: 1.1ULN, Low: 0.9LLN
Hematocrit 	SI	Fraction of 1.00	Low: 0.9LLN
	conventional	%	Low: 0.9LLN
White cell count (WBC)	SI	10^9/L	High: 16, Low: 2.8
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 16, Low: 2.8
Neutrophils	SI	10^9/L	High: ≥15, Low: 1.4
	conventional	10^9/L	High: ≥15, Low: 1.4
Lymphocytes	SI	10^9/L	High: 7.0, Low: 0.6
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 7.0, Low: 0.6
Monocytes	SI	10^9/L	High: 2.5
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 2.5
Eosinophils	SI	10^9/L	High: 0.6
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 0.6
Basophils	SI	10^9/L	High: 0.6
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 0.6
Platelet count	SI	10^9/L	High: 700, Low: 75
	conventional	10^9/L	High: 700, Low: 75
Blood Chemistry			
Total bilirubin	SI	mol/L	High: 34.2
	conventional	mg/dL	High: 2.0
Alkaline phosphatase	both	U/L	High: 3ULN
Aspartate aminotransferase (AST)	both	U/L	High: 3ULN
Alanine aminotransferase (ALT)	both	U/L	High: 3ULN
Calcium (total)	SI	mmol/L	High: 3.0, Low: 1.75
	conventional	mg/dL	High: 12.0, Low: 7.0
Creatinine	SI	mol/L	High: 175
	conventional	mg/dL	High: 2.0
Blood urea nitrogen	SI	mmol/L	High: 10.7
	conventional	mg/dL	High: 29.96
eGFR (Based on MDRD)	CV	mL/min/1.73m2	Low: <30
Chloride	SI	mmol/L	High: 118, Low: 90
	conventional	mEg/L	High: 118, Low: 90
Sodium	SI	mmol/L	High: 155, Low: 125
	conventional	mEq/L	High: 155, Low: 125
Potassium	SI	mmol/L	High: 5.5, Low: 3.0
	conventional	mEq/L	High: 5.5, Low: 3.0
Glucose (non-fasting)	SI	mmol/L	High: 13.9, Low: 2.8
	conventional	mg/dL	High: 250, Low: 50
Phosphate	SI	mmol/L	Low: 0.55
	conventional	mg/dL	Low: 1.705
			
a	Systeme International (SI) units, conventional units and conversion factors were obtained from Laposata, Michael. SI Unit Conversion Guide. Boston: NEJM Books, 1992
LLN=lower limit of normal range; N/A=not applicable; PCS=potentially clinically significant; ULN=upper limit of normal range.
Criteria for identification of potentially clinically significant vital signs
Parameter	Unit	PCS Definitiona

Systolic Blood Pressure	mmHg	180 mmHg and an increase of 20 mmHg or
90 mmHg and a decrease of 20 mmHg
Standing Diastolic Blood Pressure	mmHg	105 mmHg and an increase of 10 mmHg or
50 mmHg and a decrease of 10 mmHg
Heart Rate	bpm	120 bpm and an increase of 15 bpm or
50 bpm and a decrease of 15 bpm
Weight	kg	Change of 7% body weight
a	PCS criteria are applied to postbaseline values and changes relative to Baseline values, as appropriate.

imputation rules for missing data
Parameter	Missing or Partially Missing	Imputation Rules
Adverse event / VOC event	Start date 		If the day of the month is missing, the start day will be set to the first day of the month, unless it is the same month and year as study drug treatment. In this case, the start date will be assumed to be the date of study drug treatment. If the imputed day will lead to a start date being after the stop date, the original rule will be applied. 
	If the onset day and month are both missing, the day and month will be assumed to be January 1, unless the event occurred in the same year as the study drug treatment. In this case, the event onset will be coded to the day of study drug treatment, except in cases where this would lead to a start date being after the stop date. In these situations, the original rule will apply. 
	A complete missing onset date will be set as the date of study drug treatment, except when this would lead to a start date being after the stop date. In these situations, the start date will be set to the first day of the month of the AE end date.
	End date 		If the day is missing, it will be set to the last day of the month. 
	If both the day and the month are missing, it will be set to December 31 or the last follow-up date, whichever occurs first. 
	If the end date is completely missing, it will be set to the last follow-up date.
Medication	Start date		If month is missing, use January.
	If day is missing, use the first day of the month under consideration.
	If year is missing, use year of the Informed Consent date.
	If entire date is missing, use Informed Consent date.
	If the imputed start date is after the stop date, then the imputed start date will be one day prior to the stop date.
	End date		If month is missing, use December
	If day is missing, use the last day of the month under consideration
	If year or the entire date is missing, set to end of study date. 
	If the imputed end date is after the end of study date, then the imputed date will be set as set to end of study date.
Medical history and SCD	Diagnosis date		If only day is missing, set to 01 of the month.
	If both day and month are missing, set to the 01 January of the year or date of birth, which occurred last.
	If completely missing, set to date of birth.
Transfusion	Transfusion date		If day is missing, set to 01 of the month.
	Both day and month are missing, set to 01 January of the year.
	If it is completely missing, consider the transfusion is within 2 years of the Informed consent.
Hospitalization	Admission and discharge date		If day is missing:
	If the month of discharge is after the month of admission, then set to 01 of the admission month
	If the month of discharge is the same month of admission, then duration of hospitalization = 1
	If both month and day are missing, no imputation for duration of hospitalization
	Discharge date		If day is missing:
	If the month of discharge is after the month of admission, set to 01 of the discharge month
	If the month of discharge is the same as the month of admission, then duration of hospital = 1
	If both month and day are missing, no imputation for duration of hospitalization


Blinding and Unblinding Plan
Trial Alias	A Study of Pirtobrutinib versus Placebo in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis(J2N-MC-KLAA)
Compound Name(s)	Pirtobrutinib
Lilly (LY) Number(s)	LY3527727
What type of trial does this Blinding and Unblinding Plan (BUP) cover?	The following options do not require the BUP to be completed in its entirety:
☐ Phase II or IV trial not intended as primary evidence to support product registration or significant label change
☐ Phase II or IV trial intended as primary evidence to support product registration or significant label change that is also:
☐ Open label with no blinding requirement on the sponsor
☐ Other: 
☐ Phase III trial that is:
☐ Open label with no blinding requirement on the sponsor
☐ Other: 

	The following options require the BUP to be completed in its entirety:
☒ Phase II or IV trial intended as primary evidence to support product registration or significant label change with any level of blinding
☐ Phase III trial with any level of blinding
☐ Other: 


Template Version: 1.0
Table of Contents
1.0	Objective	3
2.0	Creating the Blind	3
2.1	General Blinding Requirements	3
2.2	Data That Must Be Blinded	3
2.3	Personnel Who Will Be Blinded	4
2.4	Personnel Who Will Be Unblinded	5
3.0	Maintaining the Blind	6
3.1	Details of Maintaining the Blind of Data for the Blinded Team Members	6
3.2	Blinded and Unblinded Data Transfers and Locations	9
Revision History	12
Blinding and Unblinding Plan Approvals:	13

 
1.0	Objective
The objective of this blinding and unblinding plan is to detail procedures in place for Lilly and the contracted CRO, Pharmaceutical Product Development (PPD), part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, to minimize bias while preparing for or conducting any summary or analysis of trial KLAA’s data for Internal Assessment Committee (IAC) reports, data reviews, trial-level safety reviews (TLSRs), development safety update report (DSUR), PK/PD early access and clinical study reports (CSRs). Additionally, this plan identifies who will be unblinded in relation to each data deliverable and/or analysis including final DBL, CSR, DSUR, TLSR, pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD), interim analyses, IAC, and biomarker exploratory analysis.
2.0	Creating the Blind
2.1	General Blinding Requirements
Actual results of some lab analytes, including pirtobrutinib concentration values, Flow Cytometry, Neurofilament light chain (NfL), genetic samples, exploratory biomarkers and Immunoglobin results, can unblind sites and/or study team members. While this trial will be collecting these analytes, sites will not see results unless required for eligibility assessments (IgG and IgM at visit 1 only) or a study-participant-specific safety concern arises. Otherwise, these lab analytes data will not be reported to investigative sites or blinded personnel until the study has been unblinded. All transfers of these lab data prior to intended unblinding must not include actual results. Refer to the protocol, site monitoring plan, trial-related documents for site-specific or site pharmacy elements related to blinding/unblinding.
Treatment assignment will only be unblinded once all study participants have reached Week 12 and the database has been locked. Only study team members with roles identified in section 2.4, Personnel Who Will Be Unblinded, will be unblinded prior to this timepoint. 
Pharmaceutical Product Development (PPD), part of Thermo Fisher Scientific, is the contracted CRO company to provide clinical trial service for this project. There are 2 teams in PPD, the PPD blinded Biostatistics and Programming (B&P) team and the PPD unblinded Biostatistics and Programming team. 
The blinded PPD B&P team will be responsible for developing and maintaining the SDTM, ADaM and TFL specifications and programs. All blinded deliverables, including monthly SDTM transfers, TLSR’s, DSUR’s, dry runs and data reviews prior to IA’s and final lock, will be transferred by the blinded PPD B&P team to the blinded Lilly team in CLUWE. These datasets and outputs will not contain any data with the potential to unblind the teams.
The PPD unblinded B&P team will generate the unblinded safety and/or efficacy datasets and outputs required for the IAC evaluation by assigning the actual treatment assignment to the programs developed by the blinded PPD B&P team. The unblinded deliveries will be transferred to the CLUWE by the unblinded PPD B&P team, only the members of IAC and the Statistical Analysis Center (SAC) will have access to the unblinded data as described in section 2.4. The IAC charter will be provided and stored in eTMF.

Refer to the Data Management Plan, Statistical Analysis Plan, Risk and Mitigation Plan, and/or other trial-related documents for further details on how the database lock approach will be conducted.

2.2	Data That Must Be Blinded
The following is a list of data that are to be blinded for this trial:
•	Interactive web response system (IWRS)/enhanced clinical trial system (eCTS): treatment assignment, dose adjustments, and drug dispensing.
•	Drug concentrations from Pharmacokinetic Samples 
•	Pharmacodynamics measures including immunoglobulins and flow cytometry with the exception of IgG and IgM results collected at screening.

Note: The use of emails to disseminate unblinding information is strongly discouraged. Use access-managed repositories whenever possible.

The following is a list of systems and tools used in this trial that contain information or instructions that could potentially unblind the trial:
•	Randomization tables
•	Interactive Web Response System (IWRS) and enhanced Clinical Trial System (eCTS) reports.
•	Lilly Safety System (LSS) reports
•	Clinical Users Working Environment (CLUWE)
•	LabLink Lab Portal
•	PPD’s Biostatistics Technology Infrastructure (BTI)

If unintentional unblinding occurs, the following action will be taken by the Eli Lily roles:
•	When a patient’s treatment group assignment (including whether patient is assigned to placebo or LY even if dose level not known) is unexpectedly unblinded and the unblinding occurs at the site, the monitor or site manager will be notified. The Lilly clinical research physician/clinical research scientist must be notified immediately.
•	When a patient’s treatment group assignment is unexpectedly unblinded and the unblinding occurs at a location other than the site, the person who identifies the unblinding will notify his or her immediate supervisor or Medical Quality representative in accordance with the requirements described in the Deviation Management (SEQSQ104-001) procedure. 
•	Any accidental unblinding and the decision on any actions taken will be recorded as a deviation with input from the Medical Quality Review representative. The Clinical Trial Project Manager will document meeting minutes and decisions made during the evaluation of the potential inadvertent unblinding event. Apart from this, the accidental unblinding will be documented in the CSR at the end of the study.
If unintentional unblinding occurs, the following action will be taken by the PPD roles:
•	If any blinded personnel are accidently unblinded to a patient’s treatment assignment the PPD project team member who is made aware of the unintended unblinding event will immediately contact the Biostatistics/Programming management Oversight Director/Associate Director responsible for the study and the Project Lead and then follow the procedures in PPD SOP-18326, Maintain the Study Blind. The Project Lead will notify Lilly of the unintended unblinding event.
•	In collaboration with the Biostatistics/Programming Oversight, the Project Lead will follow the procedures in PPD SOP-17265, Quality Event Management, to evaluate and submit the unblinding event as a Quality Event. 
•	The Project Lead and Biostatistics/Programming Oversight will ensure the client notification of the unintended unblinding event, the details of the event and the agreed impact on project team assignments are filed eTMF and execute any additional steps requested by Lilly. 
2.3	Personnel Who Will Be Blinded
For trial J2N-MC-KLAA, the treatment assignment is blinded to study participants, site personnel, and the entire PPD and Lilly study teams until the interim analysis. At the time of the interim analysis, a separate unblinded PPD Biostatistics and Programming team will be formed. All other PPD study team members will remain blinded until after the final database lock. To prevent bias in the conduct of the trial after this planned unblinding, any team members who become unblinded and/or are involved in the assessment of the unblinded interim efficacy and safety analyses to evaluate futility and/or benefit/risk for research and development business decisions will be replaced by new team member. No unblinded personnel will be involved in site-facing activities directly related to study conduct. 
Refer to the PPD Unblinded Authorization Request Form (UARF) and the trial-level Blinding or Unblinding Log of Key Study Team Personnel document.
2.4	Personnel Who Will Be Unblinded
The Product Delivery group is unblinded to treatment assignments (for example, those assigned by IWRS), as their unblinding is a requirement in order for them to perform their roles. Product Delivery is the function that creates the study participant and material randomization tables. It encompasses both the IWRS support team and demand forecasters as well as the clinical supply coordinators from the Clinical Trial Material Supply Chain Planning team. The IWRS support team is unblinded in order to build and support eCTS (IWRS). Clinical Trial Materials is unblinded for resupply strategies. Though IWRS and Demand Forecast personnel have limited involvement in the day-to-day activities of this trial, they will be required to guard the blinding integrity of this trial through their interactions with clinical team members.
Clinical Laboratory Sciences (CLS) personnel are unblinded to all lab results and treatment assignments, as their role requires them to have complete oversight of all lab-related items, including which samples to ship, especially in cases where only samples obtained from study participants receiving the investigational agent are to be tested. CLS has no direct contact with the sites and has safeguards and procedures in place to prevent sharing of unblinded data.
Data Movement personnel are responsible for transferring blinded and unblinded treatment assignment and drug dispensing data for planned analysis preparation and post-database lock activities. These personnel will not be involved in the day-to-day activities of this trial, and they are required to guard the blinding integrity of this trial through their interactions with clinical team members.
Global Patient Safety(GPS) has the responsibility of patient safety oversight for our trials. Certain roles within GPS are unblinded to perform the safety responsibility. The two main roles that are unblinded are: (i) GPS Safety Management, Reporting and Data Sciences personnel involved in case processing or supporting case processing activities and (ii) GPS Safety Management Reporting and Data Sciences safety data scientists involved in obtaining case data. However, GPS Safety Management, Reporting and Data Sciences medical reviewers are predominately blinded; however, if their role requires knowledge of unblinded information, then those specific Medical Reviewers may be unblinded. 
Up to 2 interim analyses may be conducted for this study to evaluate the benefit/risk and/or inform internal business decision making. An assessment of unblinded interim data will be conducted by an IAC with a limited number of prespecified members who do not have direct site contact or data entry or validation responsibilities. Only the Internal Assessment Committee (IAC) and the Statistical Analysis Center (SAC) will be authorized to evaluate unblinded interim efficacy and safety analyses. The generation of the unblinded interim data and analyses will be conducted by unblinded PPD B&P team and the Eli Lilly’s Statistical Analysis Center (SAC). For each IA, PPD unblinded team will generate the standard TFLs and Eli Lilly’s SAC team will conduct the additional analysis on efficacy endpoints for facilitating business decision, PPD’S unblind team will transfer the ADaM data to SAC team for conducting the analysis according to the SAP.
Prior to the first interim, PPD will get authorization from Lilly to form an unblinded biostatistics and programming (B&P) team. A limited number of programmers and statisticians will be named in the Unblinding Request/Authorization (URAF) that will be signed by Lilly prior to any PPD B&P team members being unblinded. The unblinded PPD B&P team will not be involved in any blinded study team activities. All unblinded activities are performed in a separate, access-controlled project area where access will only be granted to the authorized unblinded team members. The unblinded team has read-only access to the blinded study area, so there is no potential of unblinded data or outputs being written to the blinded study area. 
No other personnel at PPD will be unblinded prior to final database lock except those named in the URAF. 
An early PK/PD unblinded transfer may also be conducted to initiate the final population PK/PD model development processes for interim or final analyses. All transfers of the PK/PD and related information from PPD B&P prior to the unblinded PK/PD transfer will not include actual results. Only a small group of personnel within the PK/PD function plus the PK Data Delivery group can be unblinded to the PK/PD and IWRS data during the PK early access period. If needed the unblinded PK/PD group may request unblinded transfers of certain SDTM datasets required for development from the unblinded PPD B&P team. Unblinded PK/PD and CLS personnel will also be required to protect the blinding of the PK/PD data (for example, limit contact with blinded clinical team members, do not discuss data issues) to ensure that no inadvertent unblinding events occur. These personnel will not have any contact with the study team or external parties affiliated with the trial during the early access period.
Information that may unblind the study during the analyses will not be reported to study sites or to the blinded study team until the prespecified milestone for unblinding of study results. Study sites will receive information about interim results only if they need to know for the safety of their participants. If any other unplanned interim analysis is deemed necessary for reasons other than a safety concern, the protocol must be amended.
In the case of a trial that is terminated for any reason, the medical director or statistics associate VP may choose to unblind any study team members and site investigators, as necessary, without requiring a protocol or statistical analysis plan amendment. For example, the purpose of such unblinding could be to manage the safety, welfare, and further treatment of study participants for their condition.


3.0	Maintaining the Blind
The following sub-sections describe the processes needed to maintain the blind.
3.1	Details of Maintaining the Blind of Data for the Blinded Team Members
The table below identifies the data that require blinding or partial blinding for the various types of deliverables required for this trial, including test transfers needed for developing draft statistical analysis programming. For each specific type of data to be blinded, the method of data blinding is specified, for example, using scrambling (disassociating the data with the specific study participant), blinding (for example, blanking out the data values), or restriction by secure data area.
Blinding of the raw data applies to all subsequent deliverables that are based on the raw data, for example, study data tabulation model (SDTM); analysis data model (ADaM); tables, figures, and listings (TFLs); and/or customized datasets/ reports.
The blinding methods typically used are:
•	Blinding and scrambling tool (BLAST): Swapping treatment assignments (and dispensing) among study participants; this is the automated, built-in method for Lilly IWRS data
•	Restricting access: Preventing access via security controls, but otherwise no specific blinding method applied to the data
•	Blinding results: Obscuring specific data elements across all study participants via blanking fake values

Data to be Blinded (Source)	Blinding Method	Deliverable(s)
☒ Treatment assignment, dose adjustments, dispensing data (IWRS/eCTS)
☐ eCRF data
☐ Lab data (including biomarker/PD)
☐ eCOA data
☐ PK data
☐ Other data: 
•	Standard Blinding
☒ BLAST
☐ Restricted access to data
☐ Blinded results via CLRM
•	Custom Blinding
☐ Scrambled data
☐ Blinded results
☐ Other: 
☒ Test Transfer
☒ TLSR
☒ DSUR/PSUR/periodic regulatory report
☐ DMC/AC
☐ Interim analysis (other than DMC/AC)
☐ PK early access
☐ Final analysis
☐ Other deliverable: 

☐ Treatment assignment, dose adjustments, dispensing data (IWRS/eCTS)
☒ eCRF data
☐ Lab data (including biomarker/PD)
☒ eCOA data
☐ PK data
☐ Other data: 
•	Standard Blinding
☒ BLAST
☐ Restricted access to data
☐ Blinded results via CLRM
•	Custom Blinding
☐ Scrambled data
☐ Blinded results
•	☐ Other: 	☒ Test Transfer
☒ TLSR
☒ DSUR/PSUR/periodic regulatory report
☐ DMC/AC
☐ Interim analysis (other than DMC/AC)
☐ PK early access
☐ Final analysis
☐ Other deliverable: 

☐ Treatment assignment, dose adjustments, dispensing data (IWRS/eCTS)
☐ eCRF data
☒ Lab data (including biomarker/PD)
☐ eCOA data
☒ PK data
☐ Other data: 
•	Standard Blinding
☐ BLAST
☐ Restricted access to data
☐ Blinded results via CLRM
•	Custom Blinding
☐ Scrambled data
☒ Blinded results
☐ Other: 
☒ Test Transfer
☒ TLSR
☒ DSUR/PSUR/periodic regulatory report
☐ DMC/AC
☐ Interim analysis (other than DMC/AC)
☐ PK early access
☐ Final analysis
☐ Other deliverable: 

☒ Treatment assignment, dose adjustments, dispensing data (IWRS/eCTS)
☒ eCRF data
☒ Lab data (including biomarker/PD)
☒ eCOA data
☒ PK data
☒ Other data: 
•	Standard Blinding
☐ BLAST
☒ Restricted access to data
☐ Blinded results via CLRM
•	Custom Blinding
☐ Scrambled data
☐ Blinded results
•	☐ Other: 	☐ Test Transfer
☐ TLSR
☐ DSUR/PSUR/periodic regulatory report
☒ DMC/AC
☐ Interim analysis (other than DMC/AC)
☒ PK early access
☐ Final analysis
☐ Other deliverable: 

Abbreviations: AC = Assessment Committee; BLAST = Blinding and Scrambling Tool; CLRM = Clinical Laboratory Results Modernization; DMC = Data Monitoring Committee; DSUR = development safety update report; eCOA = electronic Clinical Outcomes Assessment, eCRF = electronic Case Report Form; eCTS = enhanced Clinical Trial System; IWRS = interactive web-response System; PD = pharmacodynamic; PK = pharmacokinetic; PSUR = periodic safety update report; TLSR = trial-level safety review

 
3.2	Blinded and Unblinded Data Transfers and Locations
The table below identifies the milestone, data sources, blinding status, and general form of the Lilly Clinical Users Working Environment (CLUWE) location for data transfers. For data transfer timing, refer to the data transfer planning documentation. Refer to the trial-level Blinding or Unblinding Log and UARF for Key Study Team Personnel document.

Blinding Status	Data Format	Function to Deliver Dataa	Deliverable Typeb	CLUWE Location	Other Location
Blinded	Raw Data	PPD blinding data manage team	Test transfers	\lillyce\qa\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\prelock\data\raw\shared	Source: CLRM, IWRS, eCOA, Veeva
			ACs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\intrmn\data\raw\shared	
			TLSRs 	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\safety_reviewn\data\raw\shared	
			DSURs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\arMMMYYYY\data\raw\shared	
			Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\final\data\raw\shared	
	SDTM	PPD blinding Biostats	Monthly transfers	\lillyce\qa\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\prelock\data\observed\shared	
			ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\intrmn\data\observed\shared	
			TLSRs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\safety_reviewn\data\observed\shared	
			DSURs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ arMMMYYYY\data\observed\shared	
			Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\final\data\observed\shared	
	ADAM	PPD blinding Biostats	Dry Runs and BDRM	\lillyce\qa\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\prelock\data\analysis\shared	
			ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\intrmn\data\analysis\shared	
			TLSRs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\safety_reviewn\data\ analysis\shared	
			DSURs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ arMMMYYYY\data\analysis\shared	
			Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\final\data\ analysis\shared	
	TFLs	PPD blinding Biostats,
Lilly stats
	Dry Runs and BDRM	\lillyce\qa\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\prelock\output\shared\tfl	
			ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\intrmn\output\shared\tfl	
			TLSRs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ safety_reviewn\ output\shared\tfl	
			DSURs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ arMMMYYYY\ output\shared\tfl	
			Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\final\output\shared\tfl	
	Custom Datasets / Reports	PPD blinding biostat,
Lilly stats,
Lilly PK/PD	DSURs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\arMMMYYYY\data\analysis\shared	Combined at compound level.
			ACs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ intrmn\output\shared\	
			TLSRs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ safety_reviewn\output\shared\	
Unblinded	Raw Data	PPD unblinding Biostats	ACs	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ intrmn\data\raw\restricted	Source: CLRM, IWRS, eCOA, Veeva
			PK early access	/lillyce/prd/ly3527727/j2n_mc_klaa/pk_modeling_unblindedn/data/raw/restricted	
		PPD Biostats	Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ final\data\ raw\restricted	
	SDTM	PPD unblinding Biostats	ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ intrmn\data\observed\restricted	
			PK early access	/lillyce/prd/ly3527727/j2n_mc_klaa/pk_modeling_unblindedn/data/observed/ restricted	
		PPD Biostats	Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ final\data\ observed\restricted	
	ADaM	PPD unblinding Biostats	ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ intrmn\data\analysis\restricted	
			PK early access	/lillyce/prd/ly3527727/j2n_mc_klaa/pk_modeling_unblindedn/data/analysis/ restricted	
		PPD Biostats	Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ final\data\analysis\restricted	
	TFLs
	PPD unblinding Biostats ,
Lilly SAC	ACs	 \lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ intrmn\output\restricted\tfl	
		PPD Biostats , Lilly Stats	Final analyses and Otherb	\lillyce\prd\ly3527727\j2n_mc_klaa\ final\output\restricted\tfl	
Abbreviations: ADaM = analysis data model; AC = Assessment Committee; CLUWE = Clinical User Working Environment; CLRM = Clinical Laboratory Results Modernization; DMC = Data Monitoring Committee; DSS = Data Sciences and Solutions; DSUR = development safety update report; 
eCOA = Electronic Clinical Outcomes Assessment; IWRS = interactive web-response system; SAC = Statistical Analysis Center; SDTM = standard data tabulation model; TBD = to be decided; TFL = tables, figures, and listings; TLSR = trial-level safety review. 
Note: YYYY indicates the year of DSUR; MMM indicates the month of DSUR; n indicates the sequence number of interim, TLSR, AC, DMC. 
a	The personnel in the function to deliver data will have access in CLUWE to check containers before transfer.
b	Additional analyses and snapshot of study data may be performed. Future versions of this document will contain more information

 
Revision History

 Version Number	List of Major Changes
1.0	This version of the Blinding and Unblinding Plan was created prior to the first visit when the study participant receives trial drug.

 
Blinding and Unblinding Plan Approvals: 

I confirm that information in this Blinding and Unblinding Plan is correct and I understand the requirements for maintain the study blind.

Eli Lilly and Company:
Statistics Supervisor Signature: __________________________ 
   Date (dd/mmm/yyyy): __________________________

PK/PD/Pharmacometrics Supervisor Signature: __________________________ 
                             Date (dd/mmm/yyyy): __________________________

PPD, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific:

Statistics Supervisor Signature: __________________________ 
   Date (dd/mmm/yyyy): __________________________

Title Page
Protocol Title: A Phase 2, Randomized Study of Pirtobrutinib versus Placebo in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis
Protocol Number: J2N-MC-KLAA
Amendment Number: b
Compound Number: Pirtobrutinib (LY3527727 [LOXO-305])
Short Title: A Study of Pirtobrutinib versus Placebo in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis
Sponsor Name: Eli Lilly and Company
Legal Registered Address: Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA 46285
Regulatory Agency Identifier Number(s)
Registry	ID
IND	160798
EU	2022-502376-24-00


Confidential Information 
The information contained in this document is confidential and the information contained within it may not be reproduced or otherwise disseminated without the approval of Eli Lilly and Company or its subsidiaries
Note to Regulatory Authorities: This document may contain protected personal data and/or commercially confidential information exempt from public disclosure. Eli Lilly and Company requests consultation regarding release/redaction prior to any public release. In the United States, this document is subject to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Exemption 4 and may not be reproduced or otherwise disseminated without the written approval of Eli Lilly and Company or its subsidiaries. 



Document ID: 
Template Version: 1.0

 

Eli Lilly and Company

J2N-MC-KLAA

A Phase 2, Randomized Study of Pirtobrutinib versus Placebo in Patients with Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis

Oct 31st, 2023

Statistical Analysis Plan Version 1.0

Prepared by:
PPD, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific
7551 Metro Center Drive
Austin, TX 78744, USA


Issued by:	____________________________
		Jessica Fussell  
		Senior Biostatistician, Clinical Research
		PPD, part of Thermo Fisher Scientific

Upon review of this document the undersigned approves the statistical analysis plan. The analysis methods and data presentation are acceptable, and the table, listing, and figure production can begin.

Approved by:	____________________________
		Karen Huayu Liu
		Director – Statistics-Immunology
Eli Lilly and Company
 
Table of Contents
Title Page	1
Version history	6
1.	Introduction	7
1.1.	Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands	8
1.1.1.	Objectives and Endpoints	8
1.1.2.	Estimands	10
1.1.2.1.	Primary estimand	10
1.1.2.2.	Secondary estimand	10
1.1.2.3.	Supportive estimands	11
1.1.2.3.1.	Part I: Treatment Policy	11
1.1.2.3.2.	Part II: Hypothetical Strategy	12
1.1.2.3.3.	Part III: Composite Strategy	13
1.2.	Study Design	14
2.	Statistical Hypotheses	15
2.1.	Multiplicity Adjustment	15
3.	Analysis Sets	16
4.	Statistical Analyses	17
4.1.	General Considerations	17
4.1.1.	General statistical methods	17
4.1.2.	Definition of Baseline and Postbaseline Period	17
4.1.3.	Population for Analysis	18
4.1.4.	Summary of Intercurrent Events	18
4.1.5.	Statistical Modeling Considerations	18
4.1.5.1.	Mixed Model for Repeated Measures (MMRM)	18
4.1.5.2.	Augmented Inverse Propensity Weighted (AIPW) Estimator	19
4.1.5.3.	Bayesian Model Averaging (BMA)	20
4.1.6.	Timing of Interim Analysis	21
4.1.7.	Statistical Software	21
4.1.8.	Handling of Missing Data	21
4.1.8.1.	Primary endpoint: mean value of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions measured on the MRI scans at Week 8 and Week 12	21
4.1.8.2.	Secondary endpoints	22
4.1.8.2.1.	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12	22
4.1.8.2.2.	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans)	22
4.1.8.3.	Exploratory endpoints	22
4.1.8.3.1.	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time	22
4.1.8.3.2.	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time	22
4.2.	Participant Dispositions	22
4.3.	Primary Endpoint Analysis	23
4.3.1.	Definition of endpoint	23
4.3.2.	Main analytical approach	23
4.3.2.1.	AIPW	23
4.3.2.2.	Bayesian Model Averaging	23
4.3.3.	Sensitivity Analysis	23
4.3.4.	Supplementary analyses	23
4.4.	Secondary Endpoints Analysis	24
4.4.1.	Secondary Endpoints	24
4.4.1.1.	Definition of endpoints	24
4.4.1.2.	Main analytical approach	24
4.4.1.2.1.	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12	24
4.4.1.2.2.	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans)	24
4.4.1.3.	Sensitivity Analysis	25
4.4.1.4.	Supplementary Analyses	25
4.5.	Tertiary/Exploratory Endpoints Analysis	25
4.5.1.	Clinical Outcome Endpoints	25
4.5.1.1.	Definition of endpoints	25
4.5.1.1.1.	Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study	25
4.5.1.1.2.	Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study	25
4.5.1.1.3.	Change from baseline in EDSS over time	26
4.5.1.2.	Main analytical approach	26
4.5.1.2.1.	Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study	26
4.5.1.2.2.	Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study	26
4.5.1.2.3.	Change from baseline in EDSS over time	26
4.5.2.	MRI-related Endpoints	27
4.5.2.1.	Definition of endpoints	27
4.5.2.2.	Main analytical approach	27
4.5.2.2.1.	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time	27
4.5.2.2.2.	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time	27
4.5.2.2.3.	Percent change in thalamic volume over time	28
4.5.2.2.4.	Proportion of participants with no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12.	28
4.6.	Safety Analyses	28
4.6.1.	Extent of Exposure	28
4.6.2.	Adverse Events	29
4.6.2.1.	General common rules for AEs	29
4.6.2.2.	Analysis of AEs	30
4.6.2.2.1.	Overview of AEs	30
4.6.2.2.2.	Any TEAE	31
4.6.2.2.3.	Serious Adverse Events	31
4.6.2.2.4.	TEAEs by maximum severity	31
4.6.2.2.5.	Adverse Events Reported as Reasons for Temporary Study Treatment Interruption	32
4.6.2.2.6.	Adverse Events Reported as Reasons for Permanent Study Treatment Discontinuation	32
4.6.2.2.7.	Death	32
4.6.2.2.8.	Common TEAEs	32
4.6.3.	Safety Topics of Interest	32
4.6.3.1.	Infections, including opportunistic infections	33
4.6.3.2.	Bleeding	33
4.6.3.3.	Hematologic Changes	34
4.6.3.4.	Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE)	35
4.6.3.5.	Malignancies	36
4.6.3.6.	Suicidal ideations and behavior, as identified in the Columbia–Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS)	36
4.6.3.7.	Hepatic Events	38
4.6.3.8.	Ocular events (cornea-related)	40
4.6.4.	Device Product Complaints (PC)	40
4.6.5.	Additional Safety Assessments	41
4.6.5.1.	Allergic Reactions/Hypersensitivities	41
4.6.5.2.	Clinical Safety Laboratory Tests	42
4.6.5.3.	Vital Signs and Physical Characteristics	43
4.7.	Other Analyses	44
4.7.1.	PK/PD analysis	44
4.7.2.	Subgroup analyses	45
4.8.	Interim Analyses	45
4.8.1.	Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) or Other Review Board	46
4.9.	Changes to Protocol-Planned Analyses	46
5.	Sample Size Determination	47
6.	Supporting Documentation	48
6.1.	Appendix 1: List of Abbreviations	48
6.2.	Appendix 2: Demographic and Baseline Characteristics	50
6.3.	Appendix 3: Prior and Concomitant Medication/Therapy	50
6.4.	Appendix 4: Medical History	51
6.5.	Appendix 5: Treatment Compliance	51
6.6.	Appendix 6: Protocol Deviations	52
6.7.	Appendix 7: Table for Efficacy Analysis	53
6.8.	Appendix 8: Execution for Bayesian Model Averaging	55
6.8.1.	R BEAVER Package to Execute BMA	55
6.8.2.	BMA Components, Priors, and Weights	55


Version history
This Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) for study J2N-MC-KLAA is based on the protocol dated 31May2023.

SAP Version History Summary
SAP Version	Approval Date	Change	Rationale
0.1	TBD	Not Applicable	Original version
0.2	N/A		Addressed sponsor comments
0.3	N/A		Addressed sponsor comments
0.4	N/A		Addressed sponsor comments and added comments from PPD Statistical Science group 
0.5-0.6	N/A		Finalized PPD updates
0.7	N/A		Updates to Safety Analyses
1.0	31Oct2023		Cleaned for stable v1.0

Introduction
Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory demyelinating central nervous system (CNS) disease that affects millions of people worldwide. B cells play an important role in the pathophysiology of MS, and Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitors (BTK) is critical for the activation of B cells. Several covalent BTK inhibitors have achieved positive proof-of-concept in relapsing multiple sclerosis (RMS) (Montalban X, 2019; Reich DS, 2021). Pirtobrutinib is an oral small-molecule noncovalent (reversible) inhibitor of BTK that provides extensive and sustained B-cell inhibition, which has potential for clinical efficacy.

Study KLAA is the first clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of pirtobrutinib in patients with RMS. Three active dose levels of pirtobrutinib will allow for the evaluation of safety and efficacy across a broad dose range to fully characterize the benefit/risk profile and provide information on dose selection in future studies. 

This Statistical Analysis Plan will include the details to analyze efficacy and safety data for the study. Changes to the protocol-planned analyses are described in Section 4.9. Table, figure and listing (TFL) specifications are included in a separate document. 
 
Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands
Objectives and Endpoints
Objectives	Endpoints
Primary	
To evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib versus placebo on the number of new T1 Gadolinium (Gd)-enhancing magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) brain lesions in participants with RMS 	New T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on brain MRI per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
Secondary	
To evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib versus placebo on other measures of MRI activity in participants with RMS 		New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12 
	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
To characterize the pharmacokinetics (PK) of pirtobrutinib in patients with RMS 	Plasma concentrations of pirtobrutinib 
To describe the safety of pirtobrutinib in
participants with RMS	Summary of safety data, including number
and incidence of
	Treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs)
	Serious adverse events (SAEs)
	Discontinuations due to adverse events (AEs)
Tertiary/Exploratory	
To explore the efficacy of pirtobrutinib versus placebo on clinical outcomes in participants with RMS 		Annualized Relapses Rate (ARR) up to end of study 
	Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study 
	Change from baseline in Expanded Disability Status Score (EDSS) over time 

To explore the effect of pirtobrutinib on pharmacodynamics (PD) assessments and exploratory biomarkers 		Change from baseline in neurofilament light chain (NfL) over time
	Change from baseline in flow cytometry over time
	Change from baseline in
       immunoglobulins over time
To explore the effect of pirtobrutinib on other MRI-related measures 		Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time 
	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time
	Thalamic volume over time
	Proportion of participants with no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12 
 
Estimands
Primary estimand
The primary estimand in the study represents the primary clinical question of interest: 
What is the difference in the new T1 Gd-enhancing MRI lesions between treatment conditions, that is, pirtobrutinib versus placebo, among participants with RMS after 12 weeks achieved if use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention have not happened?
The estimand is described by the following attributes:
	Population: participants with RMS defined through appropriate inclusion/exclusion criteria in Section 5 of the protocol.
	Endpoint: 
	New T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on brain MRI per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
	Treatment condition: the randomized treatment: 
	Test: pirtobrutinib 15 mg, pirtobrutinib 30 mg, pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg
	Reference: Placebo
	Intercurrent events (ICE) of interest: “Usage of prohibited medication” and “Early discontinuation from the study intervention prior to Week 12” will be assessed using a hypothetical strategy to estimate what the treatment effect would have been if participants continued with treatment without using the prohibited medication. That is, data collected after the first occurrence of ICE will be excluded from an analysis and treatment effect assessed as if the ICE has not happened.
	Population-level summary: Relative reduction in the mean number of lesions per brain MRI scan between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm. 
	Rationale for estimand: 
This estimand aims to evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib without use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention. The data collected after the study intervention discontinuation or initiation of prohibited medication will be excluded from analysis because it will not represent the true efficacy effects. 
Secondary estimand
The secondary estimand in the study is a hypothetical estimand representing the clinical question of interest: 
What is the difference in T2 lesions and total T1 Gd-enhancing lesions between treatment conditions, that is, pirtobrutinib versus placebo, among participants with RMS after 12 weeks achieved if use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention have not happened?
The estimand is described by the following attributes:
	Population: participants with RMS defined through appropriate inclusion/exclusion criteria in Section 5 of the protocol.
	Endpoint: 
	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12 
	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
	Treatment condition: the randomized treatment: 
	Test: pirtobrutinib 15 mg, pirtobrutinib 30 mg, pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg
	Reference: Placebo
	Intercurrent events of interest: “Usage of prohibited medication” and “Early discontinuation from the study intervention prior to Week 12” will be assessed using a hypothetical strategy to estimate what the treatment effect would have been if participants continued with treatment without using the prohibited medication. That is, data collected after the first occurrence of ICE will be excluded from an analysis and treatment effect assessed as if the ICE has not happened.
	Population-level summary: 
	 Relative reduction in number of lesions per brain MRI scan between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm. 
	Rationale for estimand: 
This estimand aims to evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib without use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention. The data collected after the study intervention discontinuation or initiation of prohibited medication will be excluded from analysis because they will not present the true efficacy effects.

Supportive estimands
The supportive estimands include three different strategies for three corresponding clinical questions of interest.
Part I: Treatment Policy
Clinical question of interest:
What is the difference in MRI lesions between treatment conditions, that is, pirtobrutinib versus placebo, among participants with RMS after 12 weeks achieved regardless of prohibited medication usage or early study intervention discontinuation?
The estimand is described by the following attributes:
	Population: participants with RMS defined through appropriate inclusion/exclusion criteria in Section 5 of the protocol.
	Endpoint: 
	Primary
	New T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on brain MRI per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
	Secondary 
	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12 
	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans) 
	Treatment condition: the randomized treatment: 
	Test: pirtobrutinib 15 mg, pirtobrutinib 30 mg, pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg
	Reference: Placebo
	Intercurrent events of interest: “Usage of prohibited medication” and “Early discontinuation from the study intervention prior to Week 12” will be assessed using the treatment policy:
For participants who use prohibited medication, or early discontinue from study intervention prior to Week 12, the data collected after the occurrence of ICEs will still be used for the analysis.
	Population-level summary
Relative reduction in number of lesions per brain MRI scan between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm.
	Rationale for estimand
This estimand aims to evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib regardless of use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention,, so allowing for complete data in analysis in a more realistic situation where prohibited medication might be taken or study intervention discontinuation might happen.
Part II: Hypothetical Strategy
Clinical question of interest:
What is the difference in clinical outcomes (MS relapse and neurological symptoms) and other MRI-related measures (MRI lesions and thalamic volume) between treatment conditions, that is, pirtobrutinib versus placebo, among participants with RMS after 12 weeks achieved if use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention have not happened?
The estimand is described by the following attributes:
	Population: participants with RMS defined through appropriate inclusion/exclusion criteria in Section 5 of the protocol.
	Endpoint: 
Exploratory Endpoints
	Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study
	Change from baseline in EDSS over time
	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time 
	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time
	Percentage of change in thalamic volume over time
	Treatment condition: the randomized treatment: 
	Test: pirtobrutinib 15 mg, pirtobrutinib 30 mg, pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg
	Reference: Placebo
	Intercurrent events of interest: “Usage of prohibited medication” and “Early discontinuation from study intervention prior to Week 12” will be assessed using the hypothetical strategy:
For participants who use prohibited medication, or discontinue early from the study intervention prior to Week 12, the treatment effect will be assessed as if participants continued with treatment without using the prohibited medication. That is, data collected after the first occurrence of ICE will be excluded from an analysis and treatment effect assessed as if ICE have not happened.
	Population-level summary: 
	Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study: relapse rate ratio and annualized relapse rate relative reduction between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm. 
	Change from baseline in EDSS over time, Percentage change in thalamic volume over time: least squares (LS) mean difference between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm.
	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time, Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time: relative reduction in number of lesions per brain MRI scan between each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm. 
	Rationale for estimand: 
This estimand aims to evaluate the efficacy of pirtobrutinib without use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention. The data collected after the first occurrence of ICE will be excluded from analysis because it will not represent the true efficacy effects.
Part III: Composite Strategy
Clinical question of interest:
What is the difference in achieving clinical response of each pirtobrutinib arm versus the placebo arm.
	Rationale for estimand: 
The use of prohibited medication or discontinuing the study intervention will be considered as treatment failure. Thus if participants have any ICE prior or at each visit of analysis, they will be considered as having a relapse, or having new lesions, respectively.
 
Study Design
Study KLAA is a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study evaluating the efficacy and safety of pirtobrutinib 15 mg, 30 mg, and 67.5 mg once daily (QD) compared to placebo in patients with RMS. 

The study includes a Screening Period (Visit 1; Days -40 to -10) when eligibility tests are conducted. After eligibility criteria are confirmed and fulfilled at Baseline (Visit 2), participants will be centrally randomized using interactive web-response system (IWRS) to receive pirtobrutinib 15 mg, 30 mg, 67.5 mg QD or placebo in a 1:1:1:1 ratio, and stratified by geographic region (North America or Rest of World) and presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1). Participants will then receive 12 weeks of randomized treatment. Upon completion, they will proceed to the post-treatment follow-up visit 4 weeks after their last dose. Participants who discontinue the study intervention early should have a post-treatment follow-up visit 4 weeks after the last dose of the study intervention, unless their early discontinuation visit (EDV) took place at least 3 weeks after last dose of study intervention. 

The study will not allow dose reductions. Participants can temporarily hold or permanently discontinue study treatment due to safety and other reasons. Additional details can be found in Section 7 of protocol.

Statistical Hypotheses
The null and alternative statistical hypotheses associated with the primary endpoint analysis of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions measured on the MRI scans at Week 8 and Week 12 are: 
H0: 1 - RRt = 0 vs. Ha: 1 - RRt ≠ 0
Where RRi denotes the true rate ratio of mean lesions per scan for each of the 3 active treatment arms t (t=pirtobrutinib 15 mg QD, pirtobrutinb 30 mg QD or pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg QD) compared to placebo.
The null hypothesis for the primary endpoint is that there is no difference between pirtobrutinib and placebo in reducing the number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan at Week 8 and Week 12.
The hypotheses will be evaluated at a 2-sided alpha level of 0.05.
The null hypothesis for the primary endpoint is that there is no difference between pirtobrutinib and placebo in reducing the number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan at Week 8 and Week 12.
Multiplicity Adjustment
No adjustment for multiplicity will be performed.

Analysis Sets
For the purposes of analysis, the following analysis sets are defined:
Participant Analysis Sets	Description
Screened	All screened participants
Intent-to-treat (ITT)
All randomized participants. Participants will be analyzed according to the intervention to which they were randomized.
Safety 	All participants randomly assigned to study intervention and receive at least 1 dose of the study intervention. Participants will be analyzed according to the intervention they actually received. 
Pharmacokinetic (PK) 	All participants randomly assigned to study intervention and receive at least 1 dose of the study intervention and with at least 1 postbaseline evaluable PK sample. 
Per-protocol	All randomized participants who do not have an Important Protocol Deviation (IPD) as defined in the Trial Issue Management Plan.

Statistical Analyses
General Considerations
General statistical methods
Descriptive summaries of continuous data will present the sample size, group mean, standard deviation (SD), median, minimum and maximum. The minimum and maximum will be formatted to the same number of decimal places as the measured value, median and mean will be formatted to one more decimal place then the measured value, and SD will be formatted to two more decimal places than the measured value.
Descriptive summaries of discrete data will present the sample size, participant count and percentage in each category. If number of participants is zero, then the percentage display will be suppressed to draw attention to the non-zero counts. If a missing value exists, a ‘Missing’ row can be added for the summary where specified on the shells. Percentages will be calculated based on total number of participants for the analysis set unless otherwise specified, and rounded to one decimal place. If the denominator and numerator are equal, then the percentage will be displayed as (100) unless specified otherwise.
All tests of treatment effects will be conducted at a 2-sided alpha level of 0.05, unless otherwise stated. All confidence intervals (CI) will be given at a 2-sided 95% level. In cases when an estimate or a CI is not estimable, it will be displayed as “NE” (not evaluable). If neither estimate nor CI are estimable then it will be displayed as “NE” only once.
All p-values will be two-sided and rounded to three decimal places. If a p-value is less than 0.001 it will be presented as “<0.001”. If a p-value is greater than 0.999 it will be presented as “>0.999”. 
Treatment arms will be displayed as pirtobrutinib 15 mg, pirtobrutinib 30 mg, pirtobrutinib 67.5 mg and placebo. If abbreviated for display, pirtobrutinib will be displayed as “pirto”. Treatment comparison will be each pirtobrutinib treatment arm compared with placebo unless stated otherwise.
Definition of Baseline and Postbaseline Period
Baseline is defined as the last available value before the first dose of study intervention for both efficacy and safety analyses. In most cases, this value will be what is recorded at the randomization visit (Visit 2). If there are multiple available values on the same day and the recorded times cannot identify which value is the last measurement, then the value recorded during the randomization visit (Visit 2) will generally be used as the baseline value. However, if the assessment is only conducted on Visit 1 prior to the first dose of study intervention, then Visit 1 is considered as the scheduled visit; if the assessment is done in both Visit 1 and Visit 2 prior to the first dose of study intervention, then Visit 2 is considered as the scheduled visit. For C-SSRS, the Baseline/Screening assessment conducted on Visit 1 will be used as the baseline value and Visit 1 will be considered the scheduled visit for Baseline. If no scheduled visits are available then all measurements collected before first dose of study intervention will be used and the average value will be used as the baseline value. If multiple values are available from both scheduled and unscheduled visits, the average value of values taken from scheduled visits will be used as the baseline value.
Post-baseline is defined as any assessments performed after the first dose of study intervention.
Change from baseline will be calculated as the value at the post-baseline visit of interest minus the baseline value. For the post-treatment follow-up period, the baseline value is defined as the last non-missing assessment on or prior to entering the post-treatment follow-up period, that is, on or prior to the Week 12 visit, or the EDV (including EDV). 
Protocol-defined visit windows are defined as ± 3 days for Visit 3 (Week 2) until Visit 8 (Week 12), and ± 7 days for Visit 801. If there is data within the protocol-defined window, that data will be used in by-visit analyses. If a protocol-defined visit is missing, then the nearest unscheduled visit data that exists will be mapped to that visit and included in by-visit analyses. If two unscheduled visits are equidistant to a missing visit, the earlier unscheduled visit will be used.
Population for Analysis
Efficacy analyses will be conducted on the ITT set and Per-protocol set. Safety analyses will be conducted on the Safety set. Analysis set definitions are detailed in Section 3. All participants will be included in individual participant data listings.
Summary of Intercurrent Events
Participants with ICEs (i.e., subjects who use prohibited medication, early discontinuation from the study intervention prior to Week 12) will be summarized for the ITT analysis set, by event type for each treatment arm and overall. The number of participants without ICEs will also be summarized by event type, for each treatment arm and overall.
Statistical Modeling Considerations
Mixed Model for Repeated Measures (MMRM)
When MMRM is used, the model will assume missing data are Missing at Random (MAR) and include treatment, continuous baseline value, stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)), visit (as categorical variable), the interaction of treatment-by-visit, and the interaction of baseline value-by-visit as fixed factors. The response variable will be change from baseline across postbaseline visits.
An unstructured covariance matrix will be used to model the within-patient variance-covariance errors. If this analysis fails to converge, the following structures will be tested in this pre-specified order: 1) heterogeneous Toeplitz, 2) heterogeneous autoregressive (1), 3) heterogeneous compound symmetry, and 4) autoregressive. The first covariance structure that converges using this prespecified order will be used. The Kenward-Roger method will be used to estimate the degrees of freedom. Type III sums of squares for the LS (least squares) means will be used for the statistical comparison. 
The LS mean for each treatment group along with the estimate of the difference in means between treatments (difference between each dose group and placebo), standard error, p-value, and the 95% CIs will be reported at each visit along with p-values.
Augmented Inverse Propensity Weighted (AIPW) Estimator
For the primary and secondary endpoints, the unconditional mean ratio of will be estimated by the Augmented Inverse Propensity Weighted (AIPW) estimator with adjustment for stratification factors using negative binomial regression as the outcome model.
The following are the steps for implementing the AIPW estimation method assuming the number of lesions as a count outcome.
	Fit a negative binomial regression model with log-link and unknown dispersion parameter using maximum likelihood that regresses the response variable on treatment group and stratification factors [i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)]. The regression model should also include the intercept term and the weight term defined according to the endpoint.
	Obtain the AIPW estimator of the response mean by repeating the following steps for each treatment group: (1) compute the model-based prediction of the response mean under the treatment group for every subject in the trial using subject’s specific stratification factors, and average the predicted values from across all subjects; (2) compute the model-based prediction of the response mean using subject’s specific stratification factors per the study randomized treatment assignment, and average the predicted values of the subjects within the treatment group; (3) average the observed response value of subjects within the treatment group; and (4) add value from (1) to value from (3) together and then subtract by (2). 
	The AIPW estimators of the response mean for each treatment group can be used to estimate the unconditional treatment effect, which is the relative reduction of lesion count pre scan between each pirtobrutinib group vs. placebo group (1 minus response ratio).
	The joint asymptotic normality of the AIPW estimators can be verified by applying semiparametric theory (Kennedy, 2016; Chernozhukov et al., 2017). The SE (standard error), 95% CI and p-value of relative reduction between each pirtobrutinib group vs. placebo group can be obtained by applying the delta method to the joint asymptotic normal distribution of the AIPW estimators.
Results Presentation:
	The observed number of lesions will be summarized using descriptive statistics, by treatment arm;
	The mean of lesions, SE and 95% CI estimated from AIPW estimator, by treatment arm;
	Between-treatment comparison: 
	The relative reduction in mean of lesions, with 95% CI and p-value for each pirtobrutinib arm compared with placebo, estimated from the AIPW estimator.

Bayesian Model Averaging (BMA)
For the primary and secondary endpoints, a BMA approach will be used to estimate the dose response relationship for the mean. This BMA approach is the Bayesian analog of the MCP-MOD (Multiple Comparison Procedure – Modeling) methodology (Bretz, 2005), and the United States (US) Food and Drug Administration (FDA) (FDA, 2015) is supportive in the use of MCP-MOD or BMA to assist in dose selection decisions.
BMA is a general mixture distribution, where each component of the mixture is a different parametric model. Prior weights are placed on each model and, a posteriori, are updated based on how well each model fits the data. Let μ(d) represent the mean of the dose response curve at dose d, y={y_1,…,y_n} be the observed data, and m∈{1,…,M} be an index on the M parametric models. Then the posterior of the dose response curve, μ(d), of the Bayesian model averaging is
p(μ(d)∣y)= ∑_(m=1)^M▒〖p(μ(d)∣y,m)〗 p(m∣y), with
p(m∣y)=(p(y∣m)p(m))/(∑_(m^*)▒〖p(y∣m^* )p(m^*)〗)
where p(μ(d)∣y,m) is the posterior mean dose response curve from model m, p(m∣y) is the posterior weight of model m, p(y∣m)  is the marginal likelihood of the data under model m, and p(m) is the prior weight assigned to model m. In cases where p(y∣m) is difficult to compute, Gould (Gould, 2019) proposed using the observed data’s fit to the posterior predictive distribution as a surrogate in calculating the posterior weights; this is the approach used in this analysis.
The following components will be considered: 
	Emax model
	quadratic model
	linear model
	exponential model
Modeling Results Presentation:
	The BMA analysis will be summarized by dose over all BMA estimates. For each dose, the overall BMA estimate will be a weighted sum of the components’ estimates. The results will be reported as below:
	A summary that includes:
	Observed mean response
	BMA estimated
	mean response µ(d)
	standard error and standard deviation of the mean response, and
	2.5% and 97.5% quantiles
	A plot that includes observed mean response, BMA estimated response, 2.5% and 97.5% quantiles.
	The BMA analysis will also be summarized by component (for each selected model) and model parameters and provide the following results:
	A summary by component:
	Posterior mean 
	Standard error and standard deviation of the posterior mean
	2.5% and 97.5% quantiles of the posterior probability distribution of the mean of µ(d)
	Convergence diagnostics
	Effective sample size
	Prior distributions

	A plot by each BMA component (a-c as defined in 1. above for each selected component, separately)
Timing of Interim Analysis
Interim analyses may be conducted for the study and the timing is detailed in Section 4.8.
Statistical Software
Statistical analysis will be performed using either SAS (statistical analysis system) version 9.4 and higher or the R Project for Statistical Computing version 4.0.0 and higher. 

Handling of Missing Data
Primary endpoint: mean value of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions measured on the MRI scans at Week 8 and Week 12
When obtaining the new T1 Gd-enhancing lesion count, if for a certain scheduled visit the result is missing, but a scan that is previously taken is available, it can be used if the time between the two visits at least 4 weeks or more. Thus when obtaining new T1 Gd-enhancing lesion count at Week 8, if Week 4 result is missing but Screening is available, then the comparison will be performed with Screening. For Week 12 new T1 Gd-enhancing lesion count, if Week 8 is not available but Week 4 is available then the comparison will be performed with Week 4.
After above implementation, when deriving the observed mean values of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions endpoint per scan as the response in the NB (negative-binomial) regression model, no imputation is needed for participants missing one of the two planned scans at Week 8 and Week 12. The number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at either Week 8 or Week 12 will be used as the response variable. If a participant lacks both evaluable MRI assessments at Week 8 and Week 12, then the number of available scan will be set as 1, and number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions will be imputed by taking the median value among the last available lesion count outcomes from the participants with at least one available scan at Week 8 and Week 12, who are in the same treatment group and have the same value for the baseline stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)). 
Secondary endpoints
New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12
If the lesion count is missing at Week 12, it will be imputed by taking the median value among the last available lesion count outcomes from the participants with at least 1 available scan at Week 12, who are in the same treatment group and have the same value for the baseline stratification (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)) factors.
Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans)
Missing lesion count is handled using the same method as primary endpoint (Section 4.1.7.1, second paragraph), but replacing new T1 Gd-enhancing lesion count with total T1 Gd-enhancing lesion count.
Exploratory endpoints
Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time
Missing value imputation will be using same method as Section 4.1.7.2.1.
Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time
Missing value imputation will be using same method as Section 4.1.7.2.1.
Participant Dispositions
Participants that are excluded from the ITT, Safety and Per-protocol analysis sets will be summarized by reason, treatment group and overall for the Screened analysis set.
A listing will summarize participants that are excluded from the ITT, Safety and Per-protocol analysis sets for the Screened analysis set, with Unique subject ID, treatment arm, the analysis set they are excluded from, and the reason for exclusion.
The number and percentage of participants that discontinued screening, the reason for discontinuing screening, and the criterion failed for screen failures will be summarized based on Screened analysis set.
The number and percentage of participants of below summaries will be presented by treatment and overall:
	Based on Screened analysis set:
	Participants in ITT, Safety, and Per-protocol set
	Participants that are screened but not randomized
	Based on ITT analysis set:
	Participants that are in Per-protocol set
	Participants that are randomized but not treated
	Participants that are randomized and treated
	Treatment disposition
	Participants that completed treatment period (Week 12)
	Participants that discontinued treatment early
	The reason for premature treatment discontinuation
	Study disposition
	Participants that completed study (Week 12)
	Participants that discontinued study (Week 12) early
	Participants that completed study (Week 12) but did not finish post-treatment follow-up
	The reason for premature study withdrawal
A listing will include participants who discontinue treatment prematurely or withdraw from the study prematurely with reasons using the ITT analysis set.
Primary Endpoint Analysis
Definition of endpoint
The primary endpoint is the mean value of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions measured on the MRI scans at Week 8 and Week 12. The new lesion count is defined when compared with the previous MRI scan 4 weeks ago, i.e. the new lesion count at Week 8 is obtained when comparing with the scan at Week 4, and the new lesion count at Week 12 is obtained when comparing with Week 8. The number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions will be obtained directly from MRI scan data at each scheduled visit per protocol (Section 1.3). The mean value of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions will be calculated as (number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 + number of new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 12)/(total number of MRI scans of Week 8 and Week 12).
Missing data handling is detailed in Section 4.1.8.1.
Main analytical approach
The primary endpoint will be analyzed using the ITT analysis set.
For the primary estimand, any data collected after the first occurrence of ICE will be excluded from the analysis and will be considered as missing data. 
AIPW
The primary endpoint will be analyzed by the AIPW estimator using new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan as the response, and total number of MRI scans of Week 8 and Week 12 as the weight term. Section 4.1.5.2 describes the process and model presentation.
Bayesian Model Averaging
A BMA method will be used to estimate the dose response relationship of the mean of the primary endpoint. Section 4.1.5.3 describes the process model results representation.
Sensitivity Analysis
No planned sensitivity analysis will be performed.
Supplementary analyses
The primary endpoint analysis described in Section 4.3.2 will be repeated using treatment policy on the supportive estimand (Section 1.1.2.3). 
The primary endpoint analysis described in Section 4.3.2 will also be repeated using the Per-protocol set with hypothetical strategy on primary estimand (Section 1.1.2.1).
Secondary Endpoints Analysis
Secondary Endpoints
Definition of endpoints
The following secondary endpoints are defined:
	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12: defined as number of new and/or enlarging T2 lesion count at Week 12 compared with Screening.
	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans): defined as the (Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12)/(Total number of MRI scans of Week 8 and Week 12)
Missing data handling is detailed in Section 4.1.7.2.
Main analytical approach
New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12
The same AIPW method will be used as in the primary endpoint analysis described in Section 4.3.2.1; the response will be new and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12, and the weight term will be removed.
The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1.
The same BMA method used for the primary endpoint analysis (Section 4.3.2.2)) will be used, using new and/or enlarging T2 lesions count at Week 12 as the response instead. The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis.
The above analysis will be performed with Hypothetical strategy on secondary estimand (Section 1.1.2.2), using the ITT set.
Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan (mean value of Week 8 and Week 12 scans)
The same AIPW method will be used as in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1; the response will be total T1 Gd-enhancing lesions count per scan and the total number of MRI scans of Week 8 and Week 12 will be used as the weight term.
The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1.
The same BMA method used for the primary endpoint analysis (Section 4.3.2.2) will be used, using total T1 Gd-enhancing lesions count per scan as the response instead. The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis.
The above analysis will be performed with Hypothetical strategy on secondary estimand (Section 1.1.2.2), using the ITT set.
Sensitivity Analysis
No sensitivity analysis is planned.
Supplementary Analyses
The secondary analysis described in Section 4.4.1.2 will be repeated using the treatment policy on supportive estimand (Section 1.1.2.3), using the ITT set.
Tertiary/Exploratory Endpoints Analysis
Clinical Outcome Endpoints
Definition of endpoints
To explore the efficacy of pirtobrutinib versus placebo on clinical outcomes in participants with RMS, the endpoints described below will be used.
Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study 
ARR is defined as number of confirmed relapses of multiple sclerosis per year which is calculated as the number of confirmed relapses / exposure in years.
	Confirmed relapses: a clinically relevant change in the EDSS performed by the Independent EDSS rater, that is, an increase of at least 0.5 points on the EDSS score, or an increase of 1 point on two functional scores (FS) or 2 points on one FS, excluding changes involving bowel/bladder or cerebral FS compared to the previously available rating (the last EDSS rating that did not occur during a relapse). EDSS score will be used as the sole source to confirm relapses.
Only relapses that occur during the relapse exposure time period (defined below) will be counted as an event. Patients who do not have an event during the relapse exposure time period will be censored at the end of the relapse exposure time.

	Based on the hypothetical strategy in supportive estimand (Section 1.1.2.3), relapse exposure time in years is defined as the time between the date of the first dose of study intervention to the prohibited medication start date, treatment discontinuation date, study discontinuation date or date of the Week 12 visit, whichever is earliest.

Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study 
Defined as subjects who remained relapse-free from baseline to end of study, whereas end of study is defined as earliest of (ICE date, date of Week 12 visit), then the responder status will be set as “Yes”. A composite strategy will be used; if participants receive prohibited medication or discontinue from the study intervention prior to Week 12, but do not have a relapse by the time of ICE event, they will be considered as having a relapse, therefore, the responder status will be set as “No”. 

Change from baseline in EDSS over time 
Defined as EDSS score at the scheduled visit minus the score at Screening.
Main analytical approach
Annualized Relapses Rate up to end of study 
The same AIPW method will be used as in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1, using number of confirmed relapses of multiple sclerosis per year as response and a weight term defined by relapse exposure time in years.
The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1.
Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study
A logistic regression will be used for analysis. The model will use relapse-free responder status (Yes/No) as the response, and will include treatment and stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Other) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)). A Firth penalized likelihood will be used (Firth, 1993).
If deemed necessary, additional analyses of categorical efficacy variables will be conducted to address sparse data or small sample sizes. The Fisher’s exact test will be utilized if necessary.

Model Results Presentation:
	Observed proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study for each treatment arm, along with the corresponding 2-sided 95% asymptotic CI, without continuity correction;
	The difference in proportion and 95% CI using the Newcombe-Wilson method without continuity correction, used for descriptive purposes for each pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo
	The odds ratio, p-value and 95% CI for the odds ratio from the logistic regression model for each pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo
Change from baseline in EDSS over time
The change from baseline in EDSS will be analyzed using MMRM with MAR assumption. 
The model will include factors for treatment, visit (as categorical variable), randomization stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Other) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)), baseline EDSS score, the interaction of baseline EDSS score by visit, and the interaction of treatment by visit as fixed factors. The details of covariance matrix selection will follow general rule specified in Section 4.1.5.1.
Model Results Presentation:
	Observed change from baseline in EDSS will be displayed using descriptive statistics, by treatment arm
	The LS mean estimate in change from baseline in EDSS, standard error,95% CI and p-value for each scheduled visit by treatment arm
	The LS mean difference between each pirtobrutinib dose vs placebo, standard error, 95% CI and p-value will be displayed at each scheduled visit 
MRI-related Endpoints
Definition of endpoints
To explore the effect of pirtobrutinib on other MRI-related measures, below endpoints will be used:
	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time: defined as the number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions on each post-baseline scheduled visit, compared with results 4 weeks prior. 

	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time: defined as the number of new T1 hypointense lesions on each post-baseline scheduled visit, compared with baseline.

	Percentage change in thalamic volume over time: defined as percentage change from baseline in thalamic volume on each post-baseline scheduled visit.
	Proportion of participants with no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12: Defined as the proportion of participants without new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at both Week 8 and Week 12. The responder status of no new lesion is defined as “Yes” if the participant has no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on neither Week 8 nor Week 12. If there appear to be new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on either Week 8 or Week 12, then the responder status is considered as “No”. With a composite strategy as described in Section 1.1.2.3, if participants receive prohibited medication or discontinue from the study intervention prior to Week 12, they will be considered as having a new lesion and therefore the responder status will be set as “No”.
Main analytical approach
Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time
The same AIPW method will be used as in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1, using new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions count for each scheduled visit of MRI scan (Week 4, Week 8, Week 12), and weight term will be removed.
The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1 and displayed by scheduled visit.
Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time
The same AIPW method will be used as in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1, replacing new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions count per scan using new T1-hypointense lesions count for each scheduled visit of MRI scan (Week 4, Week 8, Week 12), and weight term will be removed.
The model presentation will be the same as that in primary endpoint analysis in Section 4.3.2.1 and displayed by scheduled visit.
Percent change in thalamic volume over time
The same MMRM method as in Section 4.5.1.2.3 will be used, replacing change in EDSS using percentage change from baseline in thalamic volume on each scheduled visit. 
The model presentation will be the same as in Section 4.5.1.2.3.
Proportion of participants with no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12.
A logistic regression will be used. The model will be the same as the endpoint “Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study’ in Section 4.5.1.2.2, only using responder status of no new lesion (Yes/No) as response instead. 
Safety Analyses
All safety data will be descriptively summarized by treatment groups and analyzed based on the Safety analysis set unless specified otherwise. Patients will be summarized according to the treatment that they actually received. The safety analyses include exposure to treatment received, AEs, safety in special groups and circumstances, including, but not limited to, adverse events of special interest, laboratory analytes, and vital signs. 
For tables that summarize events (such as AEs, categorical lab abnormalities, shift to maximum severity), post-last dose follow-up data will be included in the Safety analysis period. Follow-up data is defined as all data occurring up to and including 30 days after last dose of treatment. In general, for laboratory analytes and vital signs, planned (scheduled visits) and unplanned (unscheduled visits) measures are used for categorical analyses and planned (scheduled visits) measures are used for continuous by-visit analyses including change from last baseline to last post-baseline.
The following statistical methods will be used for Safety analyses unless otherwise noted:
	Fisher’s exact test will be used for treatment comparisons of proportions, and risk difference with corresponding 95% CI and p-value.
	Treatment differences in mean change for continuous measurements will be assessed using an ANCOVA (analysis of covariance) model fitting “baseline” as a covariate. Type 3 sums of squares will be used.
Two-sided p-values are often reported yet should not be over-interpreted. For safety analyses, they are used primarily as a flagging mechanism. Also medical judgement may be used in drawing safety inferences/conclusions based on the totality of data.
Extent of Exposure
Duration of exposure is defined as the total duration a participant is exposed to the randomized treatment, and calculated as (Last dose date – First dose date +1), as documented in the CRF (Case Report Form) page. If last dose date is missing, and the Drug accountability CRF pages indicate that the participant has taken the treatment, then the date following the visit date of the Drug accountability page will be used as the last dose date (date of drug accountability visit + 1). Missing doses are not considered in the calculation. The duration of exposure (in weeks) will be calculated as duration of exposure (in days)/7.
Duration of exposure to study drug will be summarized using descriptive statistics (n, mean, standard deviation (SD), minimum, first quartile, median, third quartile, maximum). Cumulative exposure and duration of exposure will be summarized in terms of frequency counts and percentages by category below and treatment group.
Exposure ranges will generally be reported in weeks using the following as a guide:
<=2 Weeks and >0 Weeks, <=4 Weeks and >2 Weeks, <=8 Weeks and >4 Weeks, <=12 Weeks and > 8 Weeks 
Total patient-years of exposure (PYE) to study drug will be reported for each treatment group for overall duration of exposure. Overall exposure will be summarized in total PY which is calculated according to the following formula:
Total patient-years of exposures (PYE) = sum of duration of exposure in days (for all patients in treatment group) / 365.25
Adverse Events

An adverse event (AE) is any untoward medical occurrence in a participant administered a pharmaceutical product which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with the study intervention. All AEs will be collected from Screening until the Safety Follow-up visit. All AE summary tables will be displayed by each treatment arm and all Pirtobrutinib arms combined.
General common rules for AEs
All AEs will be classified by System Organ Class (SOC) and Preferred Term (PT) using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) version currently in effect at Eli Lilly at the time of database lock. Selected notable AEs of interest may be reported using high-level terms or Standardized Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities Queries.
A treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) is defined as an event that either first occurred or worsened in severity after the first dose of study treatment and on or prior to the last visit date during the analysis period. The analysis period is defined as the treatment period plus up to 30 days off-drug follow-up time. 
The MedDRA Lowest Level Term (LLT) will be used in defining which events are treatment- emergent. The maximum severity for each LLT during the baseline period up to first dose of the study medication will be used as baseline. If an event with missing severity is pre-existing during the baseline period and persists during the treatment period, then the baseline severity will be considered mild for determining treatment-emergence (that is, the event is treatment-emergent if the severity is coded moderate or severe postbaseline and not treatment-emergent if the severity is coded mild postbaseline). If an event occurring postbaseline has a missing severity rating, then the event is considered treatment-emergent unless the baseline rating is severe, in which case the event is not a treatment-emergent. For studies in which time is collected and where onset is on the day of the first dose of study treatment, the day and time for events will both be used to distinguish between pretreatment and posttreatment in order to derive treatment- emergence. No imputation will be used if the start/end date AE event is completely missing. If an AE start date is incomplete, an imputation algorithm will be used to classify the AE as below:
	UK-MMM-YYYY:
	If the month and year are the same as the first dose of study treatment month and year, and the end date is on or after the first dose of study treatment, then impute to the date of the first dose of study treatment. 
	If the month and year are before the month and year of the first dose of study treatment, then impute to the first day of the month MMM. If after imputation the AE start date > AE end date, then impute to the AE end date.
	If the month and year are after the month and year of the first dose of study treatment, then impute to the first day of the month MMM.

	DD-UKN-YYYY: 
	 If the year is the same as the year of first dose of study treatment, and the end date is on or after the first dose of study treatment, then impute to the date of the first dose of study treatment
	If the year is the same as the year of first dose of study treatment, and the end date is prior to the first dose of study treatment, then impute to the AE end date.
	If the year is different from the year of first dose of study treatment, then impute to 01-JAN-YYYY of the collected year.

	UK-UKN-YYYY: 
	If the year is the same as the first dose of study treatment, and the end date is prior to the first dose of study drug, then impute to the AE end date. 
	If the year is the different than the first dose of study treatment, then impute to 01-JAN-YYYY of the collected year.
No imputation of AE end dates will be performed.
If the start date and end date for an AE are completely missing, the AE will be considered as a TEAE. If the start date of the AE is completely missing and the end date is on or after the first dose date of study treatment, the AE will also be considered as a TEAE. 
If the severity is missing for one of the treatment-emergent occurrences of an AE, the severity will be imputed with the maximal severity of the other occurrences within the same PT. If the severity is missing for all the occurrences, the severity will be presented as severe in the summary table but as missing in the listing.
If the AE has relationship to study treatment as missing, it will be presented as related in the summary table but as missing in the listing.
Analysis of AEs
Overview of AEs
An overview summary of AEs will be presented. Number and percentage of participants and number of events for each below will be provided:
	Any AEs
	Any TEAEs
	TEAE by maximum severity (mild, moderate, severe)
	Death
	SAEs
	Discontinuation from the study or study treatment due to adverse event (including death)
Any TEAE
The number and percentage of patients experiencing any TEAE event will be summarized by treatment group and in the 2 formats below:
	by MedDRA PT nested within SOC with decreasing frequency in SOC, and events ordered within each SOC by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5-mg group;
	by MedDRA PT with events ordered by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5-mg group.
Serious Adverse Events
With the International Conference on Harmonisation (ICH) E2A guideline, a SAE is any AE that results in 1 of the following outcomes:
	death
	initial or prolonged inpatient hospitalization
	a life-threating experience (that is, immediate risk of dying)
	persistent or significant disability/incapacity
	congenital anomaly/birth defect
	considered significant by the investigator for any other reason
The number and percentage of patients who experienced at least one ICH-defined SAE will be summarized by treatment group during the Safety analysis period and will also be summarized using the MedDRA PT nested within SOC with decreasing frequency in SOC, and events ordered within each SOC by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5-mg group.
An individual listing of all SAEs will be provided, including participant identification number, the treatment, site number, age, sex, race, SOC, PT, reported term, AE event start date, stop date, severity, action taken, outcome, relationship to study treatment, relationship to non-study treatment, if event causes study treatment discontinuation (date of treatment discontinuation), and if event causes study discontinuation (date of study discontinuation).
TEAEs by maximum severity
The severity of each AE (“Mild”, “Moderate”, “Severe”) is determined by response of “What was the severity of the adverse event?” on the Adverse Event CRF page. The number and percentage of patients experiencing any TEAE by maximum severity category will be summarized by treatment group. The TEAEs will be summarized by MedDRA PT nested within SOC, as well as by PT, in the same manner as the summary for any TEAEs in Section 4.6.2.2.2. At each level of summarization, if a participant reported multiple occurrences of the same TEAE, only the most severe will be considered. 
Adverse Events Reported as Reasons for Temporary Study Treatment Interruption
Adverse events reported as reasons for temporarily study treatment interruption are defined by the response of “Drug Interrupted” for the question “What action was taken with study treatment?” on the Adverse Event CRF page. The number and percentage of participants with at least one AE reported as a reason for temporary study treatment interruption will be provided. Additionally, the summary will be presented by SOC and PT, in the same manner as the summary for any TEAEs in Section 4.6.2.2.2. 
A listing of all the adverse events reported as reasons for temporary study treatment interruption will also be provided with same details as any SAE listing in Section 4.6.2.2.3.
Adverse Events Reported as Reasons for Permanent Study Treatment Discontinuation
Adverse events reported as reasons for permanent study treatment discontinuation are defined by the response of “Drug Withdrawn” for the question “What action was taken with study treatment?” on the Adverse Event CRF page. The number and percentage of participants with at least one AE reported as a reason for permanent study treatment discontinuation will be provided. Additionally, the summary will be presented by SOC and PT, in the same manner as the summary for any TEAEs in Section 4.6.2.2.2. 
A listing of all the adverse events reported as reasons for permanent study treatment discontinuation will also be provided with same details as the SAE listing in Section 4.6.2.2.3.
Death 
A listing of all deaths will also be provided, with the same details as the SAE listing in Section 4.6.2.2.3, with the additional information of adverse event leading to death, date of death, time from first dose of study drug to death, time from last dose of study drug to death (if participant had discontinued study drug), and death type (cardiovascular, non-cardiovascular).
Common TEAEs
Common TEAEs are defined as TEAEs that occurred in ≥5% (before rounding) of patients in any treatment group including placebo. The number and percentage of patients with common TEAEs will be summarized by treatment using MedDRA PT ordered by decreasing frequency.
Safety Topics of Interest 
Safety topics of interest include adverse events of special interest (AESI) or topics anticipated to be requested by a regulatory agency for any reason. An AESI is an AE (serious or nonserious) of scientific and medical concern specific to the sponsor’s product or program, for which ongoing monitoring and immediate notification by the investigator to the sponsor is required. Such events may require further investigation in order to characterize and understand them. The following AEs will be considered as AESIs in this trial:
	Infections, including opportunistic infections
	Bleeding
	Hematologic Changes
	Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE)
	Malignancies
	Suicidal ideations and behavior, as identified in the Columbia–Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS)
	Hepatic events
	Ocular events (especially cornea-related)
Infections, including opportunistic infections
Infections will be defined using the PTs from the MedDRA Infections and Infestations SOC as described below.
Treatment-emergent infections will be analyzed according to various groups of infectious events including:
	all infections
	all PTs in the Infections and Infestations SOC,
	serious infections
	all PTs in the Infections and Infestations SOC that meet the SAE criteria,
	infections that result in permanent study drug discontinuation 
	all PTs in the Infections and Infestations SOC resulting in permanent study drug discontinuation 
For each infection event, the number and percentage of participants with at least one infection event will be summarized by treatment group, and additionally, the frequency for each PT will be provided, ordered by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5mg treatment group. The summary will be repeated for serious infections and infections that result permanent in study drug discontinuation. A listing of infections by MedDRA PTs will also be produced. 
Medical will identify and review opportunistic infections. A summary of opportunistic infections based on MedDRA PTs will be produced in the same manner as described above. A listing of opportunistic infections based on MedDRA PTs during the study will also be provided.
Bleeding
Bleeding will be identified using all terms from the standardized MedDRA query (SMQ) of Haemorrhage terms, excluding laboratory terms. For each treatment-emergent bleeding event, the frequency for each PT will be provided, ordered by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5mg treatment group.
In addition, the number and percentage of patients with treatment-emergent bleeding will be summarized overall, as well as by subtypes (Table 1) for each treatment group. 

Table 1. Bleeding Subtypes and the Description of Analysis Algorithm
Bleeding Subtypes	Description of Analysis Algorithm
Bruising	From SMQ of Haemorrhage terms (excluding laboratory terms): includes all PTs including bruise, contusion and ecchymosis and excludes all PTs including petechiae and purpura
Petechiae and purpura	From SMQ of Haemorrhage terms (excluding laboratory terms): includes all purpura and petechia PTs and excludes bruising (PTs including bruise, contusion and ecchymosis)
Haemorrhage	SMQ of Haemorrhage terms (excluding laboratory terms) excludes PTs included in Bruising and Petechia and Purpura grouping

Hematologic Changes
Hematologic changes will be defined based on clinical laboratory assessments. Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAEs) will be applied for selected laboratory tests (Table 2)
Table 2. Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) for Selected Hematologic Events

Event	Laboratory Test	
Grade	
Criteria in Système International (SI) Units	
Criteria in Conventional (CN) Units
Anemiaa	Hemoglobin	0 (normal)	≥7.27 mmol (Fe)/L for females and ≥8.18 mmol	≥12 g/dL for females and ≥13.5 g/dL for males
			(Fe)/L for males	
		1	<7.27 mmol (Fe)/L for females and 8.18 mmol	<12 g/dL for females and 13.5 g/dL for males and
			(Fe)/L for males and ≥6.2 mmol (Fe)/L	≥10 g/dL
		2	<6.2 mmol (Fe)/L and ≥4.9 mmol (Fe)/L	<10 g/dL and ≥8.0 g/dL
		3	<4.9 mmol (Fe)/L and ≥4.0 mmol (Fe)/L	<8.0 g/dL and ≥6.5 g/dL
		4	<4.0 mmol (Fe)/L	<6.5 g/dL
Leukopeniaa	White blood	0 (normal)	≥4.0 billion /L	≥4.0 thousand /uL
	cell (WBC)	1	<4.0 billion /L and ≥3.0 billion /L	<4.0 thousand /uL and ≥3.0 thousand /uL
	count	2	<3.0 billion /L and ≥2.0 billion /L	<3.0 thousand /uL and ≥2.0 thousand /uL
		3	<2.0 billion /L and ≥1.0 billion /L	<2.0 thousand /uL and ≥1.0 thousand /uL
		4	<1.0 billion /L	<1.0 thousand /uL
Neutropeniaa	Absolute	0 (normal)	≥2 billion /L	≥2 thousand /uL
	neutrophil	1	<2 billion /L and ≥1.5 billion /L	<2 thousand /uL and ≥1.5 thousand /uL
	count	2	<1.5 billion /L and ≥1.0 billion /L	<1.5 thousand /uL and ≥1.0 thousand /uL
	(ANC)	3	<1.0 billion /L and ≥0.5 billion /L	<1.0 thousand /uL and ≥0.5 thousand /uL
		4	<0.5 billion /L	<0.5 thousand /uL
Lymphopeniaa	Lymphocyte count	0 (normal)
1	≥1.1 billion /L
<1.1 billion /L and ≥0.8 billion /L	≥1.1 thousand /uL
<1.1 thousand /uL and ≥0.8 thousand /uL
		2	<0.8 billion /L and ≥0.5 billion /L	<0.8 thousand /uL and ≥0.5 thousand /uL
		3	<0.5 billion /L and ≥0.2 billion /L	<0.5 thousand /uL and ≥0.2 thousand /uL
		4	<0.2 billion /L	<0.2 thousand /uL
Thrombocytopeniaa	Platelet	0 (normal)	≥150 billions/L	≥150 thousands/uL
	count	1	<150 billions/L and ≥75 billions/L	<150 thousands/uL and ≥75 thousands/uL
		2	<75 billions/L and ≥50 billions/L	<75 thousands/uL and ≥50 thousands/uL
		3	<50 billions/L and ≥25 billions/L	<50 thousands/uL and ≥25 thousands/uL
		4	<25 billions/L	<25 thousands/uL
Abbreviation: Fe = iron.
a CTCAE grading was adjusted by replacing lower limit of normal (LLN) with a single value.

The number and percentage of patients with treatment-emergent shifts at any time during the Safety analysis period will be summarized using the following 5 categories:
	any increase in postbaseline CTCAE grade from worst baseline grade
	increase to Grade 1 or above at worst postbaseline
	increase to Grade 2 or above at worst postbaseline
	increase to Grade 3 or above at worst postbaseline
	increase to Grade 4 at worst postbaseline.
Shift tables will classify patients based on baseline and maximum severity CTCAE grade on record during the Safety analysis period, with baseline depicted by the most extreme grade during the baseline period. Within each shift table, the summary will display the number and percentage of patients by their shift from worst baseline to maximum post-baseline results (maximum severity). The shift table will be presented by treatment group for each treatment period within the following categories:
	Decreased: postbaseline category < baseline category
	Increased: postbaseline category > baseline category
	Same: postbaseline category = baseline category
Major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE)
Potential major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) events will be identified by the investigative site or by medical review conducted by the sponsor or designee. Additional data about each identified potential event should be provided to the sponsor via specific event adjudication forms. A blinded Clinical Event Committee will adjudicate the events in a consistent and unbiased manner. Events include 
	death 
	myocardial infarction 
	stroke 
	hospitalization for unstable angina 
	hospitalization for heart failure 
	coronary revascularization procedure 
	peripheral revascularization procedure 
	cardiogenic shock
	resuscitated sudden death 
	serious arrhythmia 
	hospitalization for hypertension, and 
	peripheral arterial event
The number and percentage of patients with MACE, as adjudicated, will be summarized by treatment group based on the categories above.
A listing of the events sent for adjudication will be provided to include data concerning the MedDRA PT related to the event, the seriousness of the event, and the event outcome, along with the adjudicated result.
Malignancies
Malignancies will be identified using terms from the malignant tumors SMQ (SMQ 20000194). Malignancies excluding NMSCs (nonmelanoma skin cancer) and including NMSCs will be reported separately.
All cases identified by the malignant tumors SMQ will be assessed through medical review to determine confirmed NMSC cases. A listing including all malignancy cases will be prepared before database lock, along with the NMSC flag according to the following MedDRA PTs (the list will be updated depending on the MedDRA version used for analysis):
	Squamous cell carcinoma of skin (10041834)
	Bowen’s disease (10006059)
	Basal cell carcinoma (10004146)
	Basosquamous carcinoma (10004178)
	Basosquamous carcinoma of skin (10004179)
	Squamous cell carcinoma (10041823)
	Skin squamous cell carcinoma metastatic (10077314)
	Skin cancer (10040808)
	Carcinoma in situ of skin (10007390)
	Keratoacanthoma (10023347)
	Vulvar squamous cell hyperplasia (10079905)
	Skin squamous cell carcinoma recurrent (10081136)
The NMSC flag will be confirmed during the internal medical review process prior to database lock.
The number and percentage of patients with treatment-emergent malignancies excluding NMSC and including NMSC will be summarized by treatment group. A listing of all malignancy cases, with an NMSC flag where applicable, will be also provided.
Suicidal ideations and behavior, as identified in the Columbia–Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS)
C-SSRS is a questionnaire that captures the occurrence, severity, and frequency of suicidal ideation and behavior during the assessment period. It includes the following outcome categories with binary responses (yes/no):

	Category 1 – Wish to be Dead
	Category 2 – Non-specific Active Suicidal Thoughts
	Category 3 – Active Suicidal Ideation with Any Methods (Not Plan) without Intent to Act
	Category 4 – Active Suicidal Ideation with Some Intent to Act, without Specific Plan
	Category 5 – Active Suicidal Ideation with Specific Plan and Intent
	Category 6 – Preparatory Acts or Behavior
	Category 7 – Aborted Attempt
	Category 8 – Interrupted Attempt
	Category 9 – Actual Attempt (non-fatal)
	Category 10 – Completed Suicide

Self-injurious behavior without suicidal intent is also a C-SSRS outcome (although not suicide-related) and has a binary response (yes/no).

Suicidal Ideation Score is a numerical score derived from the C-SSRS categories, defined as the maximum suicidal ideation category (1-5 on the C-SSRS) present at the assessment. If no ideation is present, a score of 0 is assigned.
The following endpoints are of interest:

	Suicidal ideation: A “yes” answer at any time during treatment to any one of the
five suicidal ideation questions (Categories 1-5) on the C-SSRS.
	Suicidal behavior: A “yes” answer at any time during treatment to any one of the
five suicidal behavior questions (Categories 6-10) on the C-SSRS.
	Suicidal ideation or behavior: A “yes” answer at any time during treatment to
any one of the ten suicidal ideation and behavior questions (Categories 1-10) on
the C-SSRS.
	Treatment-emergent suicidal ideation compared to all prior history: An increase
in the maximum suicidal ideation score during treatment compared to baseline.
	Emergence of serious suicidal ideation compared to all prior history: An increase
in the maximum suicidal ideation score to 4 or 5 during treatment from no suicidal ideation (scores of 0) at baseline. 
	Treatment-emergent serious suicidal ideation compared to all prior history: An
increase in the maximum suicidal ideation score to 4 or 5 on the C-SSRS during treatment from not having serious suicidal ideation (scores of 0-3) at baseline.
	Improvement in suicidal ideation at Week 12 compared to baseline: a decrease in suicidal
ideation score at Week 12 from the baseline measurement.
	Emergence of suicidal behavior compared to all prior history: The occurrence of
suicidal behavior (Categories 6-10) during treatment from not having suicidal
behavior (Categories 6-10) at baseline.

The number and percentage of participants with suicidal ideation, suicidal ideation by categories, suicidal behavior, suicidal behavior by categories, suicidal ideation or behavior, and self-injurious behavior without suicidal intent will be summarized by treatment arm.

The number and percentage of participants with treatment-emergent suicidal ideation compared to all prior history, emergence of serious suicidal ideation compared to all prior history, treatment-emergent serious suicidal ideation compared to all prior history, improvement in suicidal ideation at Week 12 compared to baseline, and emergence of suicidal behavior compared to all prior history will also be summarized by treatment arm.

A listing of participants with suicidal ideation, suicidal behavior or self-injurious behavior without suicidal intent will also be provided.
Hepatic Events
Analyses for abnormal hepatic tests will involve 4 laboratory analytes: alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), total bilirubin (TBL), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP). When criteria are met for hepatic evaluations, investigators will complete a follow-up hepatic safety eCRF.
The number and percentage of patients with the following abnormal elevations in hepatic laboratory tests at any time during the Safety analysis period will be summarized by treatment group:
	The percentages of patients with an ALT measurement ≥3×, ≥5×, ≥8×, and ≥10× the central laboratory ULN during the treatment period will be summarized for all patients with a postbaseline value and for subsets based on various levels of baseline.
	The analysis of ≥3× ULN will contain 4 subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <3× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥3× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing.
	The analysis of ≥5× ULN will contain 5 subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <3× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥3× ULN but <5× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥5× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing.
	The analysis of ≥8× ULN will contain six subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <3× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥3× ULN but <5× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥5× ULN but <8× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥8× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing.
	The analysis of ≥10× ULN will contain seven subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <3× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥3× ULN but <5× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥5× ULN but <8× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is ≥8× ULN but <10× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥10× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing.
	The percentages of patients with an AST measurement ≥3, ≥5×, ≥8×, and ≥10× the central laboratory ULN during the Safety analysis period will be summarized for all patients with a post-baseline value and for subsets based on various levels of baseline. Analyses will be constructed as described above for ALT.
	The percentages of patients with a total bilirubin measurement ≥2× the central laboratory ULN during the Safety analysis period will be summarized for all patients with a post-baseline value and subset into four subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <2× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥2× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing.
	The percentages of patients with an ALP measurement ≥1.5× the central laboratory ULN during the Safety analysis period will be summarized for all patients with a post-baseline value and subset into 4 subsets: patients whose non-missing maximum baseline value is ≤1× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline is >1× ULN but <1.5× ULN, patients whose maximum baseline value is ≥1.5× ULN, and patients whose baseline values are missing  (Senior, 2014).
To further evaluate potential hepatotoxicity, an eDISH (Evaluation of Drug-Induced Serious Hepatotoxicity) plot using maximum postbaseline ALT divided by ULN vs. maximum postbaseline total bilirubin divided by ULN will be created. Each subject with at least 1 postbaseline ALT and total bilirubin contributes 1 point to the plot. The measurements do not need to be taken at the same blood draw. Symbols will be used to indicate randomized treatment. 
For individual patients of interest, patient profiles will be reviewed, which will include treatment exposure details, along with the information noted above. Additionally, at the time of a submission, a hepatic-specific integrated dataset will be created and provided to the FDA to facilitate the use of their software program called “eDISH” (Senior, 2014). 
A listing of patients potentially meeting Hy’s rule will be provided (defined as ≥3× ULN for ALT or AST and ≥2× ULN for total bilirubin, not necessarily at the same time).
A summary table will also be provided that includes frequency counts and percentages for each hepatic event reported as an AE. The table will be summarized by PT and include PTs that are found in any of the following SMQs. PTs will be ordered by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5mg group:
	Broad and narrow terms in the Liver related investigations, signs and symptoms SMQ (SMQ 20000008)
	Broad and narrow terms in the Cholestasis and jaundice of hepatic origin SMQ (SMQ 20000009)
	Broad and narrow terms in the Hepatitis non-infectious SMQ (SMQ 20000010)
	Broad and narrow terms in the Hepatic failure, fibrosis and cirrhosis and other liver damage-related conditions SMQ (SMQ 20000013)
	Narrow terms in the Liver-related coagulation and bleeding disturbances SMQ (SMQ 20000015).
The summary table described above will also include summary statistics for pooled narrow and broad terms together (when appropriate) and for pooled narrow terms only.
When criteria are met for hepatic evaluation and completion of the hepatic safety CRF, investigators are required to answer a list of questions pertaining to the patient’s history, relevant preexisting medical conditions, and other possible causes of liver injury. These criteria include:
	elevation of serum ALT or AST to ≥3× ULN on repeat testing
	Elevation of serum ALT or AST ≥3x ULN with hepatic signs/symptoms (such as severe fatigue, nausea, vomiting, right upper quadrant abdominal pain, fever, rash, and/or eosinophilia >5%)
	Elevated TBL to ≥2× ULN 
	Elevation of serum ALP to ≥2× ULN on 2 or more consecutive blood tests 
	Hepatic event considered to be an AE or an SAE
	Discontinuation of study intervention due to a hepatic event 

A listing of the information collected on the hepatic-safety CRF will be generated. In addition, a graphical patient profile including demographics, disposition, and a display of study drug exposure, AEs, medications, and the liver-related measurements over time will be provided for each patient meeting the criteria for hepatic evaluation. A listing and graphical patient profile will also be produced for any patients with ALT or AST measurement greater than or equal to 5× ULN (on a single measurement) or ALP measurement greater than or equal to 2× ULN (on a single measurement). The review for these subjects includes an assessment of the time course of elevations of ALT, AST, ALP, TBL, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels, temporal association with potential causes, and events such as nausea, vomiting, anorexia, abdominal pain, or fatigue.
Ocular events (cornea-related)
Cornea related ocular events will be identified using narrow terms from the Corneal disorders SMQ (20000156). A summary table will include frequency counts and percentages for each PT ordered by decreasing frequency in the Pirtobrutinib 67.5mg group.
Device Product Complaints (PC) 

A PC is any written, electronic, or oral communication that alleges deficiencies related to the identity, quality, durability, reliability, safety, effectiveness, or performance of a study intervention. 

An event may meet the definition of both a PC and an AE/SAE. In such cases, it should be reported as both a PC and as an AE/SAE. 
A listing of all device product complaints, inclusive of device product complaints that lead to an AE or that could have led to an SAE had intervention not been taken will be provided. Additional summaries will be provided as deemed appropriate.
Additional Safety Assessments
Allergic Reactions/Hypersensitivities
A search for relevant events related to allergic reactions and hypersensitivity will be performed using the following SMQs:
	Anaphylactic reaction SMQ (20000021)
	Hypersensitivity SMQ (20000214)
	Angioedema SMQ (20000024)
The Anaphylactic reaction SMQ consists of a narrow search containing PTs that represent core anaphylactic reaction terms, a broad search that contains additional terms (signs and symptoms possibly indicative of anaphylactic reaction) that are added to those included in the narrow search, and an algorithm. The algorithmic approach comprises 1 or more events associated with an individual administration of study drug, where the events include:
	A narrow term from the SMQ (Category A of the SMQ)
	Multiple terms from the SMQ, comprising terms from at least 2 of the following categories from the SMQ:
	Category B - (Upper Airway/Respiratory signs and symptoms)
	Category C - (Angioedema/Urticaria/Pruritus/Flush signs and symptoms)
	Category D - (Cardiovascular/Hypotension signs and symptoms).
Within the multiple terms approach using broad terms, it is important to recognize that occurrence of these events should be nearly coincident and develop rapidly after exposure to an antigen; a window wherein onset or severity change of the events occur within 2 days of one another is allowed. Events that satisfy the queries will be listed, by temporal order within patient ID, and will include SOC, PT, SMQ event categorization including detail on the scope (narrow, algorithmic, or broad), reported AE term, AE onset and end dates, severity, seriousness, outcome, etc.
The following analyses are contingent upon there being sufficient numbers of events to warrant further examination beyond the listing specified above. 
The number and percentage of patients reporting a TEAE for the following will be analyzed:
	Any narrow or algorithmic term from any one of the 3 SMQs indicated above (i.e., combined search across narrow portions of all 3 SMQs, and anaphylaxis algorithm for Anaphylactic reaction SMQ)
	Any narrow scope term within each SMQ, separately (i.e., narrow SMQ search)
	Any term within each SMQ, separately (i.e., broad SMQ search)
Clinical Safety Laboratory Tests 
The following laboratory tests will be analyzed using standard international units:
	Hematology 
	Hemoglobin 
	Hematocrit 
	Erythrocyte count (RBCs - red blood cells) 
	Mean cell volume 
	Mean cell hemoglobin 
	Mean cell hemoglobin concentration 
	Absolute Neutrophil Count 
	Leukocytes (WBCs - white blood cells) 
	Percent and/or Absolutes Count of (Neutrophils Segmented, Neutrophils bands, Lymphocytes, Monocytes, Eosinophils, Basophils)
	Platelets 
	Cell morphology (RBCs and WBCs) if indicated

	Clinical Chemistry
	Sodium
	Potassium
	Chloride
	Bicarbonate
	Total bilirubin (TBL)
	Direct bilirubin (DBL)
	Alkaline phosphatase (ALP)
	Alanine aminotransferase (ALT)
	Aspartate aminotransferase (AST)
	Blood urea nitrogen (BUN)
	Total protein 
	Albumin 
	Calcium 
	Phosphorus 
	Glucose 

	Lipid Panel
	High-density lipoprotein (HDL) 
	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL)
	Cholesterol
	Triglycerides 

	Coagulation
	Prothrombin time, INR (PT-INR)
	Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (aPTT)

	Urinalysis
	Specific gravity 
	pH 
	Protein 
	Glucose 
	Ketones 
	Bilirubin 
	Urobilinogen 
	Blood 
	Nitrite 
	Urine leukocyte esterase 
	Microscopic examination of sediment

All laboratory tests will be presented using the International System (SI) and United States conventional (CN) units.
Only results from central laboratory will be used for analysis. When a participant has more than one result from the central laboratory for the same laboratory parameter on the same date, the average of the results will be used. For the same laboratory parameter, if a participant has more than one result on different dates for the same scheduled visit, the result closest to the scheduled visit will be used for the scheduled visit. When the results for the same scheduled visit are equidistant, the last value will be used.
Numeric clinical laboratory tests results will be summarized by observed value (for each scheduled visit) and change from baseline (for each post-baseline scheduled visit), by treatment arm. Additionally, a box plot will summarize the numeric clinical laboratory test results by observed value and change from baseline for each scheduled visit, by treatment arm.
For the categorical laboratory analyses (shift and treatment-emergent) described below, the analysis period is defined as the treatment period plus 30 days off-drug follow-up time. The analysis period for the continuous by-visit laboratory analyses including change from baseline by visit and to last observation is defined as the treatment period excluding off-drug follow-up time. 
Categorical laboratory analyses not described elsewhere will include the number and percentage of patients who shift from normal/high to low (i.e., treatment-emergent low) and the number and percentage of patients who shift from normal/low to high (i.e., treatment-emergent high).
Vital Signs and Physical Characteristics 
For the treatment-emergent categorical analyses of vital signs, the analysis period is defined as the treatment period plus 30 days off-drug follow-up time. The analysis period for the continuous by-visit laboratory analyses including change from baseline by visit and to last observation is defined as the treatment period excluding off-drug follow-up time.
The planned summaries for vital signs (systolic blood pressure [BP], diastolic BP, pulse, weight, BMI, temperature) are listed in Table 3 and are described more fully in compound- level safety standards and in the vitals-related PhUSE (Pharmaceutical Users Software Exchange) white papers (PhUSE, Analyses and Displays Associated with Measures of Central Tendency - Focus on Vital Sign, Electrocardiogram, and Laboratory Analyte MEasurements in Phase 2-4 Clinical Trials and Integrated Submission Documents, 2013); (PhUSE, Analyses and Displays Asssociated with Outliers or Shifts from Normal to Abnormal: Focus on Vital Signs, Electrocardiogram, and Laboratory Analyte MEasurements in Phase 2-4 Clinical Trials and Integrated Summary Documents, 2015).
Box plots will provide the summary for observed values by visit and change from baseline values by visit and at last observation, excluding records collected during the follow-up period.
Additionally, a summary table with the number and percentage of patients who shift from normal/high to low (i.e., treatment-emergent low) and the number and percentage of patients who shift from normal/low to high (i.e., treatment-emergent high) will also be provided. For weight, the number and percentage of patients are based on a percentage gain/loss that exceeds defined limits. The limits are based on literature defined in Table 3.
Table 3	Parameter Definitions Related to Vital Signs
Parameter	Low	High
Systolic BP (mm Hg)
(Supine or sitting – forearm at heart level)	≤ 90 and decrease from baseline ≥ 20	≥ 140 and increase from baseline ≥ 20
Diastolic BP (mm Hg)
(Supine or sitting – forearm at heart level)	≤ 50 and decrease from baseline ≥ 10	≥ 90 and increase from baseline ≥ 10
Pulse (bpm) (Supine or sitting)	< 50 and decrease from baseline ≥ 15	> 100 and increase from baseline ≥ 15
Weight (kg)
(Consistent clothing and timing in relationship to meals and voiding)	(Loss) decrease ≥ 7%	(Gain) increase ≥ 7%
Temperature	< 96 degrees F and decrease ≥ 2 degrees F	≥ 101 degrees F and increase ≥ 2 degrees F
Other Analyses
PK/PD analysis
PK analyses will be conducted on all participants who have received at least 1 dose of pirtobrutinib and have evaluable PK samples and sufficient dosing information. Observed plasma concentrations of pirtobrutinib will be listed by time point and by dose using descriptive statistics.
Mean population PK parameters for pirtobrutinib in plasma (for example, clearance, exposure, and volume of distribution) and inter-individual PK variability may be determined using a population PK approach with NONMEM (Non-linear Mixed Effects Modelling) software. The PK data from this study may be combined with data from other study(ies) in the clinical development program to improve PK parameter estimation. 
Relationships between pirtobrutinib exposure and select biomarkers and clinical efficacy endpoints may also be explored using graphical or modeling approaches if warranted. These endpoints may also be analyzed by means of NONMEM and connected to the population PK model in a PK/PD model, if deemed appropriate. PK and/or PK/PD analyses to address secondary PK and exploratory PK/PD objectives of this study will be described in a separate PK/PD analysis plan. 
The PK and/or PK/PD analyses may be initiated before the planned database lock dates. All analyses will be performed by unblinded Lilly PK personnel. Results from the PK/PD analyses will not be shared with the site or blinded study team personnel prior to the respective database lock.
Subgroup analyses
Subgroup analysis will be performed on the primary endpoint with hypothetical strategy on the ITT set, with below subgroups:
	Geographic region (North America, Other)
	Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0, ≥1)
	Baseline EDSS (<=3.5, >3.5)
Additional subgroups might be added in the future if necessary.
The AIPW estimator analysis used for the primary endpoint (Section 4.3.2.1) will be repeated for the subgroup analysis by repeating the analysis performed for the primary endpoint on each subgroup level, removing the subgroup variable in the model if it is also in the stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)). Model representation and results will be the same as the primary endpoint, by subgroup levels.
Separately, a negative binomial regression (with a log-link) will be used for an additional subgroup analysis. The model will use new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions per scan as the response, and the weight term will be defined by the total number of MRI scans of Week 8 and Week 12. The model will include treatment, randomization stratification factors (i.e., Geographic region (North America vs Rest of World) and Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)), subgroup and subgroup-by-treatment interaction. The subgroup variable will be removed from the model if it is also a stratification factor. 
The model presentation for the negative binomial regression subgroup analysis will present the p-value of the subgroup by treatment interaction only. 
Interim Analyses 
Up to 2 interim analyses may be conducted for this study to evaluate the benefit/risk and/or inform internal business decision making. At the discretion of the sponsor, the prespecified interim analyses below may not be conducted.
The first interim may be conducted when approximately 30% to 50% of the patients either have completed or had opportunity to complete 12 weeks treatment. The second interim may be conducted when approximately 50% to 70% of the patients either have completed or had opportunity to complete 12 weeks treatment. The interims may be used to discontinue the trial due to futility and/or to evaluate benefit/risk and/or for research and development business decisions. Since the study will not terminate for positive efficacy, no adjustment of type I error will be performed. 

An assessment of unblinded interim data will be conducted by an assessment committee (AC) with a limited number of prespecified members who do not have direct site contact or data entry or validation responsibilities. Only the AC will be authorized to evaluate unblinded interim efficacy and safety analyses. Prior to the interim or final database lock, a limited number of preidentified individuals may gain access to the unblinded data to initiate the final population PK/PD model development processes for interim or final analyses. To minimize bias, the SAP and PK/PD analysis plan will be finalized and approved before any unblinding. Information that may unblind the study during the analyses will not be reported to study sites or to the blinded study team until the prespecified milestone for unblinding of study results. Study sites will receive information about interim results only if they need to know for the safety of their participants. If any other unplanned interim analysis is deemed necessary for reasons other than a safety concern, the protocol must be amended.
Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) or Other Review Board
Review board details will be added as appropriate.
Changes to Protocol-Planned Analyses
Screened and Per-protocol set are added to analysis sets to facilitate analysis.
Sample Size Determination
Approximately 200 participants will be equally randomly assigned to 4 study intervention arms (approximately 50 participants per arm). All randomized participants in the ITT population will be considered evaluable. 
The sample size calculation is based on the primary endpoint of new Gd-enhancing lesions per scan. Assuming 1.0 new Gd-enhancing lesions per scan for the placebo group, a 80% relative reduction in treatment with pirtobrutinib QD (0.2 new T1 Gd-enhancing lesion per scan for pirtobrutinib) and a dispersion parameter κ = 0.2, the study will have over 80% power to detect a statistically significant difference under a negative binomial model with a 2-sided type I error of 0.05.
Supporting Documentation
	Appendix 1: List of Abbreviations

AC	assessment committee 
AE	adverse event 
AESI	adverse event of special interest 
AIPW	Augmented Inverse Propensity Weight 
ALP	alkaline phosphatase 
ALT	alanine aminotransferase
ANC 	absolute neutrophil count
ANCOVA 	analysis of covariance
ARR	annualized relapses rate 
aPTT	activated partial thromboplastin time
AST	 aspartate aminotransferase
ATC 	anatomic therapeutic chemical
BEAVER		Bayesian Model Averaging of Covariate Adjusted Negative-Binomial Dose-Response
BMA	Bayesian Model Averaging
BMI	body mass index 
BP 	blood pressure
BTK	Bruton’s tyrosine kinase inhibitors 
BP 	blood pressure
BUN	blood urea nitrogen
CI 	confidence interval
CN 	conventional
CNS	central nervous system
CRAN 	Comprehensive R Archive Network
CRF 	Case Report Form
C-SSRS	Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale 
CTCAE 	Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events
CTMS	clinical trial management system 
DBL	direct bilirubin 
DMC	Data Monitoring Comittee 
DREAMER	Dose REsponse bAyesian Model averaging 
eDISH	Evaluation of Drug-Induced Serious Hepatotoxicity 
EDSS	Expanded Disability Status Score 
EDV	early discontinuation visit 
FDA	Food and Drug Administration 
FOIA	Freedom of Information Act
Gd	gadolinium 
GGT	gamma-glutamyl transferase
HDL	high density lipoprotein
HPC	High Performance Computing 
ICE	intercurrent event 
ICH	 International Conference on Harmonisation 
INR	international normalized ratio 
IPD	important protocol deviation 
ITT	 Intent-to-treat 
IWRS	 interactive web-response system 
LDL	 low density lipoprotein 
LLN	lower limit of normal
LLT	lowest level term
LS	least squares
MACE	 major adverse cardiovascular events 
MAR	 Missing at Random
MCP-MOD	Multiple Comparisons Procedure - Modeling
MedDRA	Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities
MMRM	mixed model for repeated measures
MRI	magnetic resonance imaging 
MS	 multiple sclerosis
NB	negative-binomial
NE	not evaluable 
NfL	 neurofilament light chain 
NMSC	 non-melanoma skin scancer 
NONMEM	Non-linear Mixed Effects Modeling
PC	product complaint
PD	 pharmacodynamics
PhUSE	Pharmaceutical Users Software Exchange 
PT	preferred term
PTT	
PK	 pharmacokinetics 
PYE	patient-years of exposure
QD	 once daily 
RBC	red blood cells (erythrocytes)
RMS	relapsing multiple sclerosis 
RR	rate ratio 
SAE	serious adverse event 
SAP	Statistical Analysis Plan
SAS	statistical analysis system
SD	standard deviation
SE	standard error
SI		Système International
SMQ	standardized MedDRA query
SOC	system organ class 
TBL	total bilirubin 
TEAE	treatment-emergent adverse event
TFL	table, figure and listing
ULN	 upper limit of normal
US	United States
WBC	white blood cells (leukocytes)
Appendix 2: Demographic and Baseline Characteristics
A summary will present demographic and baseline characteristics by treatment arm using ITT set, the following information will be included:
	Demographics
	Sex (Female, Male)
	Age (years) and categories (<=65, > 65 and <=75, >75)Race (American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, White, Multiple)
	Ethnicity (Hispanic or Latino, Not Hispanic or Latino, Not Reported)
	Baseline characteristics
	Height (cm)
	Weight (kg)
	Body mass index (BMI) (kg/m^2) and categories (<18.5, <25 and >=18.5, <30 and >=25, >=30)
	Geographic region (North America, Other)
	Presence of T1 Gd-enhanced weighted lesions (0 or ≥1)
	Baseline EDSS score 
	Baseline EDSS score category (<=3.5, >3.5)
	Number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions
	Number of T1 hypointense lesions
	Number of T2 lesions
Age (years) is calculated using year of informed consent date – year of birth.
BMI is calculated as weight (kg) / [height (m)]2.
Appendix 3: Prior and Concomitant Medication/Therapy
All medications will be coded according to the World Health Organization drug dictionary.
A prior medication/therapy is defined as those for which the end date is prior to the date of first study treatment. 
A concomitant medication/therapy is defined as any medication that has a stop date that is on or after the date of first dose of study treatment.
Partial start/end dates for medication will be imputed using the following rule:
Missing start dates (where UK, UKN and UNKN indicate unknown or missing day, month and year respectively): 
	UK-MMM-YYYY: Impute to 01-MMM-YYYY. If the month and year are the same as the month and year of first dose of study treatment, then impute to the first dose date of study treatment.
	UK-UKN-YYYY: If the year is prior to the year of first dose of study treatment, impute to 01-JAN-YYYY of the collected year. If the year is the same as the year of first dose of study treatment, then impute to the date of first dose of study treatment.
	UK-UKN- UNKN: impute to date of first dose of study treatment.

Missing stop dates (where UK, UKN and UNKN indicate unknown or missing day, month, and year respectively): 
	UK-MMM-YYYY: Impute to the last day of the month.
	UK-UKN-YYYY: Impute to 31-DEC-YYYY.
	UK-UKN- UNKN: Consider as ongoing and leave it missing.
The total number of concomitant medications and the number and percentages of participants with at least one concomitant medication will be summarized by treatment arm. The number and percentages of all concomitant medications will be summarized and listed by Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) level 4 and preferred term. The summary will be repeated for Prespecified concomitant medications: Acetaminophen / Paracetamol.
The summary described above will be repeated for prior medications/therapies.
A listing will be provided for prior medications/therapies and concomitant medications/therapies.
All summaries and listings will use the ITT set.
Appendix 4: Medical History
Pre-existing medical conditions or medical event terms will be coded using the MedDRA version currently in effect at Eli Lilly at the time of database lock.
The number and percentage of participants with any Pre-Existing Conditions and Medical History will be summarized overall and by system organ class and preferred term. 
A listing will present details of participants with any Pre-Existing Conditions and Medical History.
The number and percentage of participants with any Prespecified Medical History: Liver and Concurrent Disease will be summarized overall and by system organ class and preferred term. 
The number and percentage of participants with any Prespecified Medical History: Hypersensitivity Event will be summarized overall and by system organ class and preferred term. 
All summaries and listing will be using ITT set.
Appendix 5: Treatment Compliance
Study intervention should be taken once daily. Dispensed and returned study intervention will be counted and documented in CRF for scheduled visits. The overall compliance with study treatment will be assessed through counts of returned study treatment tablets. 
Overall compliance =(total number of tablets dispensed-total number of tablets returned)/(expected total number of tablets used)
Whereas, 
Total number of tablets dispensed is the total amount documented in “Drug Accountability: Dispensed” CRF page over all scheduled visits;
Total number of tablets returned is the total amount documented in “Drug Accountability: Returned” CRF page over all scheduled visits;
Expected total number of tablets used = (last dose date -first dose date +1) * expected daily tablets amount based on treatment arm.
Overall treatment compliance will be summarized descriptively by treatment arm for the ITT set at Week 12/Early discontinuation visit. Overall treatment compliance will also be summarized categorically (<40%, >=40% and <60%, >=60% to <80%, >=80% to <100%, 100%) by treatment arm.
Appendix 6: Protocol Deviations
Protocol deviations will be provided from clinical trial management system (CTMS) and categorized according to the rules document approved by Lilly. A table will summarize important protocol deviations in the ITT set and the number of participants with at least one important protocol deviation. A summary of deviations by deviation category, subcategory and deviation term will also be provided.
A listing will present all important protocol deviations, with subject identifier, site number, age, sex, geographic region, deviation category, subcategory and deviation term. 
Appendix 7: Table for Efficacy Analysis
Measure	Endpoint	Estimand Strategy	Analysis Population	Comparison/
Timepoint	Analysis Method	Analysis Type
MRI:
New T1 Gd-enhancing lesions	New T1 Gd-enhancing lesions on brain MRI	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Mean of Week 8 and Week 12	AIPW Estimation; Bayesian Model Averaging	Primary
					AIPW Estimation; Negative Binomial Regression	Subgroup
			Per-protocol	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Mean of Week 8 and Week 12	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Primary
		Treatment Policy	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Mean of Week 8 and Week 12	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Primary
MRI:
New and/or enlarging T2 lesions	New and/or enlarging T2 lesions at Week 12 
	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Week 12 vs Screening	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Secondary
		Treatment Policy	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Week 12 vs Screening	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Secondary


Measure	Endpoint	Estimand Strategy	Analysis Population	Comparison/
Timepoint	Analysis Method	Analysis Type
MRI: Total T1 Gd-enhancing lesions	Total number of T1 Gd-enhancing lesions	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Mean of Week 8 and Week 12	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Secondary
		Treatment Policy	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Mean of Week 8 and Week 12	AIPW Estimation;
Bayesian Model Averaging	Secondary
Clinical Outcome:
ARR	ARR up to end of study	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
End of study	AIPW Estimation	Exploratory
Clinical Outcome:
Relapse-free	Proportion of relapse-free participants at end of study	Composite	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
End of study	Logistic Regression	Exploratory
Clinical Outcome:
EDSS	Change from baseline in Expanded Disability Status Score (EDSS) over time	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
by visit	MMRM	Exploratory
MRI:
Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions	Number of new Gd-enhancing T1-hyperintense lesions over time	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
by visit	AIPW Estimation	Exploratory
MRI: T1 hypointense lesions	Number of new T1 hypointense lesions over time	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/ by visit	AIPW Estimation	Exploratory
MRI: thalamic volume	Percentage of change in thalamic volume over time	Hypothetical	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
by visit	MMRM	Exploratory
MRI: new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions	Proportion of participants with no new T1 Gd-enhancing lesions at Week 8 and Week 12	Composite	ITT	pirtobrutinib arm vs placebo/
Week 8 and Week 12	Logistic Regression	Exploratory
Appendix 8: Execution for Bayesian Model Averaging
R BEAVER Package to Execute BMA 
BMA will be executed using the R package BEAVER (Bayesian Model Averaging of Covariate Adjusted Negative-Binomial Dose-Response). BEAVER is an internal package that may be accessed in the qualified installations of R on Lilly’s High Performance Computing (HPC) environment. It can also be found on Lilly’s GitHub Organization at github.com/EliLillyCo/beaver. BEAVER is a daughter package to the publicly available R package DREAMER: Dose REsponse bAyesian Model averaging, which is formulated for continuous and binary endpoints. Since most of the structure and conventions established in DREAMER are also utilized in BEAVER, users may find DREAMER’s supporting documentation helpful (available on at github.com/rich-payne/dreamer/ and on CRAN (Comprehensive R Archive Network).
BMA Components, Priors, and Weights
Emax, quadratic, linear, and exponential dose response models are the prespecified components to the BMA model that will be used to analyze the KLAA dose response. BMA components and weights are summarized in the below table. The priors for each parameter are normal distributions, except b_4 in the Emax model, and b_3 in the Emax and Exponential models, which are truncated normal (to be positive). A logistic link function will be used for each model.
Component	Weight	Model	Parameter	mu	sigma
Emax (Sigmoidal)	1/4	f(d)=b_1+(b_2 d^(b_4 ))/(〖b_3〗^(b_4 )+d^(b_4 ) )	b1	0	10
			b2	0	10
			b3	0.25	0.05
			b4	1	5
Quadratic	1/4	f(d)=b_1+b_2 d+ b_3 d^2	b1	0	10
			b2	0	10
			b3	0	10
Linear	1/4	f(d)=b_1+b_2 d	b1	0	10
			b2	0	10
Exponential	1/4	f(d)=b_1+b_2 (1-exp⁡(-b_3 d) )	b1	0	10
			b2	0	10
			b3	0	10

References
Bretz, F. J. (2005). Combining Multiple Comparisons and Modeling Techniques in Dose-Response Studies. Biometrics, 738–48.
Chernozhukov, V. C. (2017). Double/debiased/neyman machine learning of treatment effects. American Economic Review, 107 (5): 261-65.
FDA. (2015). Request for Qualification of MCP-Mod as an efficient statistical methodology for model-based design and analysis of. Retrieved from https://www.fda.gov/media/99313/download
Firth, D. (1993). Bias reduction of maximum likelihood estimates. Biometrika, 80(1):27-38.
Gould, A. L. (2019). BMA‐Mod: A Bayesian model averaging strategy for determining dose‐response relationships in the presence of model uncertainty. Biometrical Journal, 1141-1159.
Kennedy, E. (2016). Semiparametric theory and empirical processes in casual inference. In Statistical Causal Inferences and Their Applications in Public Health Research (pp. 141-167). New York: Springer.
Montalban X, A. D. (2019). Placebo-controlled trial of an oral BTK inhibitor in multiple sclerosis. N Engl J Med, 380:2406-2417.
PhUSE. (2013). Analyses and Displays Associated with Measures of Central Tendency - Focus on Vital Sign, Electrocardiogram, and Laboratory Analyte MEasurements in Phase 2-4 Clinical Trials and Integrated Submission Documents. PhUSE: Pharmaceutical Users Software Exchange. Retrieved July 21, 2017, from https://phuse.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/Deliverables/Standard+Analyses+and+Code+Sharing/Analyses+%26+Displays+Associated+with+Measures+of+Central+Tendency-+Focus+on+Vital+Sign,+Electrocardiogram+%26+Laboratory+Analyte+Measurements+in+Phase+2-4+Clinica
PhUSE. (2015). Analyses and Displays Asssociated with Outliers or Shifts from Normal to Abnormal: Focus on Vital Signs, Electrocardiogram, and Laboratory Analyte MEasurements in Phase 2-4 Clinical Trials and Integrated Summary Documents. PhUSE: Pharmaceutical Users Software Exchange. Retrieved July 21, 2017, from https://phuse.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/Deliverables/Standard+Analyses+and+Code+Sharing/Analyses+%26+Displays+Associated+with+Outliers+or+Shifts+from+Normal+To+Abnormal+Focus+on+Vital+Signes+%26+Electrocardiogram+%26+Laboratory+Analyte+Measurements+in
Reich DS, A. D. (2021). Safety and efficacy of tolebrutinib, an oral brain-penetrant BTK inhibitor, in relapsing multiple sclerosis: a phase 2b, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Lancet Neurol, 20(9):729-738.
Senior, J. R. (2014). Evolution of the Food and Drug Administration Approach to Liver Safety Assessment for New Drugs: Current Status and Challenges (37 (Suppl 1): S9-S17 ed.). Drug Safety. doi:10.1007/s40264-014-0182-7



Kymab Ltd, a Sanofi Company


KY1005-CT05/DRI17366

A Phase IIb, Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Multicentre Dose Ranging Study of a Subcutaneous Anti-OX40L 
Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005) in Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis 
21 Nov 2023

Statistical Analysis Plan

Version 3.0



PPD on Behalf of 
Kymab Ltd, a Sanofi Company
The Bennet Building (B930)
Babraham Research Campus
Cambridge, CB22 3AT
United Kingdom
Tel: +44(0)1223 833301










Kymab Ltd, a Sanofi Company


KY1005-CT05/DRI17366

A Phase IIb, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Parallel Group, Multicentre Dose Ranging Study of a Subcutaneous Anti-OX40L 
Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005) in Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis 
05APR17MAY2023

Biomarker Statistical Analysis Plan for Treatment Period 1

Version 1.0

Prepared by: Jessie Fussell
  

PPD on Behalf of 
Kymab Ltd, a Sanofi Company
The Bennet Building (B930)
Babraham Research Campus
Cambridge, CB22 3AT
United Kingdom
Tel: +44(0)1223 833301


 
Table of Contents
List of Tables in SAP	II
List of Abbreviations	III
1.	Introduction	4
2.	Objectives	4
2.1.	Biomarker Objectives and Endpoints	4
3.	General Statistical Considerations	6
3.1.	Analysis Set	7
3.2.	Other Important Considerations	8
3.2.1.1.	Pre-specified Subgroups	8
4.	Biomarker Analysis	9
4.1.	Summary of Biomarker Analysis Set	9
4.2.	Summary and Analysis of Biomarker Endpoints	9
8)	Interim Analysis	16
9)	Changes in the Planned Analysis	16
10)	References	16
List of Tables in SAP

Table 1: Treatment Labels	5
 
List of Abbreviations
Abbreviation	Definition
AD	Atopic dermatitis
EASI	Eczema Area and Severity Index
FAS1	Full Analysis Set for Part 1
GMI	Geometric mean increase
GMC	Geometric mean concentration
GSE	Geometric standard error
IA	Interim Analysis 
IGA	Investigator Global Assessment
IgE	Immunoglobulin E
IL	Interleukin
LD	Loading dose
LS	Least square
MMRM	Mixed-model with repeated measures
nrmFAS1	Non-rescue Medication Full Analysis Set for Part 1
PA	Primary Analysis
PD	Pharmacodynamic(s)
SAP	Statistical analysis plan
SAS	Statistical Analysis Software
SD	Standard deviation
TARC	Thymus and activation regulated chemokine
Th	T helper



 
	Introduction

KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) is a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled, parallel group, Phase IIb study. The study will consist of 4 study periods: Screening period; Treatment Period 1: baseline (Day 1) to Day 169 (Week 24); Treatment Period 2: From Day 169 (Week 24) to Day 365 (Week 52) plus 112 days of safety follow-up period.

The aim of this study is to characterize the efficacy (including dose/exposure-response) and safety of KY1005 across a range of doses/exposures for a maximum duration of 52 weeks in adult participants with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) who have had an inadequate response to topical therapies or where topical therapies are not advised. This 24-week Placebo-controlled dose ranging period will be followed, in those participants who achieve an ≥ EASI (Eczema Area and Severity Index) 75 and/or IGA (Investigator Global Assessment) 0/1, with a randomized withdrawal period to Day 365 (Week 52) to characterize the durability of response ahead of the anticipated Phase III program. 

This statistical analysis plan (SAP) applies to the Primary AnalysisPA (Primary Analysis) and IA (Interim Analysis) and describes the methods to be used for the planned biomarker analysis for Treatment Period 1 (baseline to Week 24) for selected key biomarkers; this SAP will be  signed prior to the PA (after the IA). . Additional analyses of other biomarkers will be described in separate document(s). This biomarker analysis will assess the efficacy of Amlitelimab (KY1005) in different AD biomarker subpopulations and assess pharmacodynamic (PD) effects of KY1005 on the selected biomarkers. The biomarkers analyzed include the soluble protein biomarkers from serum: total Immunoglobulin E (IgE) (associated with allergic responses), Interleukin (IL)-13 (associated with T helper (Th)2 responses), IL-22 (associated with Th22 responses), IL-17A (associated with Th17 responses) and thymus and activation-regulated chemokine (TARC) (associated with Th2 responses). This plan should be read in conjunction with the Amended Clinical Trial Protocol 08 1.0 – 01MAR2022 and KY1005-CT05/DRI17366 SAP. All analyses will be conducted using SAS® Version 9.4 or higher.
	Objectives
	 Biomarker Objectives and Endpoints 

Objective	Endpoint
	Identify potential baseline biomarker sampling bias/skew		Baseline biomarker concentration
	Evaluate the PD effects of KY1005 on biomarker expression		Change from baseline in biomarker concentration at Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24 (concentration, fold change from baseline)
	Evaluate responders vs. non-responders across all treatment arms vs biomarker expression level by time point using physician assessments of AD activity/severity (EASI 50, EASI 75, IGA 0/1) at week 16		Test for statistical difference in biomarker concentration levels between responders and non-responders, based on the clinical endpoint at week 16 (EASI 50, EASI 75, IGA 0/1)
	Difference in biomarker fold change from baseline between responders and non-responders, based on the clinical endpoint at week 16 (EASI 50, EASI 75, IGA 0/1)
	Identify potential predictive marker(s) of KY1005 treatment response associated with different AD endotypes (defined by “high” and “low” baseline biomarker expression) 		Percent (%) change from baseline in EASI across biomarker “high” participants (for total IgE, baseline concentrations ≥ 200 150 kU/L, for all other biomarkers ≥ median concentration (raw)) vs “low” participants (for total IgE, baseline concentrations < 200 150 kU/L, for all other biomarkers < median concentration (raw))
	Change from baseline in IGA score across biomarker “high” participants (for total IgE, baseline concentrations ≥ 200 150 kU/L, for all other biomarkers ≥ median concentration (raw)) vs “low” participants (for total IgE, baseline concentrations < 200 150 kU/L, for all other biomarkers < median concentration (raw))
	Identify potential marker(s) of disease severity		Correlation of baseline EASI (Eczema Area and Severity Index) vs baseline biomarker concentration 
	Correlation of percent (%) change in EASI vs fold change from baseline in biomarker concentration at Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24
	Evaluate association of expression among biomarkers		Correlation between biomarker concentrations measured at baseline 
	Overlap of biomarker “high” and “low” participants (defined above) across biomarkers 
	Fold change from baseline at Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24 across biomarkers for each participant
	General Statistical Considerations

Treatments arms will be labelled on all outputs as described in below Table 1.

Table 1: Treatment Arm Labels
1	250mg (500mg LD) KY1005 with 500mg LD (loading dose)
2	250mg (no LD) KY1005 with no LD (loading dose)
3	125mg KY1005
4	62.5mg KY1005
5	KY1005 treatment arms combined (250mg KY1005 with 500mg LD, 250mg KY1005 with no LD, 125mg KY1005, 62.5mg KY1005) 
6	Placebo

Continuous data will be summarized using descriptive statistics (i.e., n, mean, standard deviation (SD), median, minimum, and maximum). Categorical data will be summarized using the participant counts and percentages in each category. Unless otherwise stated, analysis will include the number of subjects with non-missing results (n) as defined by the analysis sets assigned for analyses. 
When count data are presented, the percentage will be suppressed when the count is zero in order to draw attention to the non-zero counts. A row denoted “Missing” will be included in count tabulations where specified on the shells to account for dropouts and missing values. The denominator for all percentages will be the number of participants in that treatment within the analysis set of interest, unless otherwise specified.

All CIs presented will be 95% (two-sided) CIs.

Non-zero percentages will be rounded to one decimal place. For the summary statistics of all numerical variables unless otherwise specified, minimum and maximum will be displayed to the same level of precision as reported up to a maximum of three decimal places. Mean and median will be displayed to one level of precision greater than the data collected up to a maximum of three decimal places. Standard deviation / standard error will be displayed to two levels of precision greater than the data collected up to a maximum of three decimal places.

All other statistical analyses performed will be performed using a two-sided hypothesis test at the overall 5% level of significance.  
P-values will be rounded to four decimal places. If a rounded P-value is less than 0.0001 it will be reported as “<0.0001”. If a p-value is greater than 0.999 it will be reported as “>0.999”.
If statistical analysis cannot be performed for a particular treatment arm, then these should be displayed as “NC.” (not calculated). Confidence intervals that cannot be calculated should be displayed as “(NC.)”.
Data will be displayed in all listings sorted by treatment arm. Subjects will be identified in the listings by the subject identification number.
Log-transformed data will be used when running statistical analyses (i.e., prior to ANOVA, MMRM, relevant inferential tests). When plotting values for display in figures, non-transformed data will be presented for ease of interpretation on the linear scale. Summary statistics (geometric mean, geometric mean increase,  associated 95% CIs) will be log-transformed then back-transformed to the original scale. Other descriptive statistics (n, median, min, max, Q1-Q3) will be based on raw concentration data. 
For calculations regarding biomarker concentration levels, values reported as below the lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) will be replaced by 0.5 × LLOQ. Values that are greater than the upper limit of quantification (ULOQ) will be converted to the ULOQ. Missing results will not be imputed.
	Analysis Set

The following analysis sets will be used in the biomarker statistical analyses. Evaluable sets will be defined by different Biomarkers. Unless otherwise specified, all analyses described in this plan will be based on the Biomarker Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1 and Biomarker Evaluable Sets for Part 1.
	Full Analysis Set for Part 1 (FAS1): Includes all randomized participants (prior to re-randomization at Week 24). Analysis will be based on treatment allocated at randomization which will be stratified by disease severity (moderate/severe) and region.
	Non-rescue Medication Full Analysis Set for Part 1 (nrmFAS1): Includes all FAS1 participants who have not taken rescue medications and/or prohibited medications up to Week 24 (Day 169) and prior to re-randomization. 
	Biomarker Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline biomarker (Total IgE, IL-13, IL-22, IL-17A, TARC) assessment. 
	Total IgE Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline total IgE assessment.
	IL-13 Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline IL-13 assessment.
	 IL-22 Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline IL-22 assessment.
	IL-17A Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline IL-17A assessment.
	TARC Evaluable Baseline Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline TARC assessment.
	Biomarker Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline biomarker (Total IgE, IL-13, IL-22, IL-17A, TARC) assessment.
	Total IgE Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline total IgE assessment.
	IL-13 Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-13 assessment.
	 IL-22 Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-22 assessment.
	IL-17A Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-17A assessment.
	TARC Evaluable Set for Part 1: All nrmFAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline TARC assessment.
	Modified Biomarker Evaluable Set for part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline biomarker (Total IgE, IL-13, IL-22, IL-17A, TARC) assessment. 
	Modified Total IgE Evaluable Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline total IgE assessment.
	Modified IL-13 Evaluable Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-13 assessment.
	Modified IL-22 Evaluable Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-22 assessment.
	Modified IL-17A Evaluable Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline IL-17A assessment.
	Modified TARC Evaluable Set for Part 1: All FAS1 participants with at least one evaluable baseline and post-baseline TARC assessment
	Other Important Considerations
	Pre-specified Subgroups
The following subgroups will be explored: 

	Endotype (High, Low as defined in Section 2.1) as determined by key serum biomarker concentrations at baseline 
	Age (<65, >=65)
	Gender (male, female)
	Race group (White, Black or African American, Asian, Other)
	Region (North America (NA), Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific (APAC))
	Weight (<median, >=median)
	IGA (3 vs 4)
	Previous systemic immunosuppressant use (Yes vs No)
	Previous biologic use (Yes vs No)
	Previous dupilumab use (Yes vs No)
	Previous cyclosporine use (Yes vs No)
	Previous methotrexate use (Yes vs No)
	Biomarker Analysis
	Summary of Biomarker Analysis Set
The number and percentage (%) of subjects in each evaluable set will be presented for the following visits by the treatment arms defined in Table 1 and for all subjects (overall): 
	Baseline 
	Week 4
	Week 16
	Week 24
	Summary and Analysis of Biomarker Endpoints

The soluble protein biomarkers from serum included in each of the analyses below are:
	Total IgE  
	IL-13  
	IL-22  
	IL-17A  
	TARC 

Only biomarker samples taken up to Week 24 (Day 169) and prior to re-randomization will be included in analyses. 

	In order to identify potential baseline biomarker sampling bias or skew, for each biomarker, a summary of baseline biomarker concentration levels will be presented across treatment arms. Analysis will be presented with descriptive statistics in a table summary. Geometric mean concentration (GMC) will be presented instead of arithmetic mean in summaries. It is calculated as the anti-logarithm of the mean of the log-transformed concentration values. The mean and SD of log-transformed concentration data will be presented, in addition to other descriptive statistics for raw concentration data. 
 
Geometric mean concentration = 10^y where y = (∑▒〖(log_10⁡〖(〖concentration〗_Baseline ))〗 〗)/n


where n is the number of subjects with non-missing results at baseline.

A 95% CI of the GMC will also be included in the table summary and will be calculated using the t-distribution of logtransformed values, back transformed to the original scale for presentation. If the number of subjects in each biomarker and treatment arm is ≥5, the p-value from a one-way ANOVA (analysis of variance) that includes treatment arm as a fixed effect will be included in the table summary to assess if baseline biomarker values differ among treatment arms.

The analysis table described above will also include results for each of the subgroups defined in Section 3.2.1.1. For each subgroup’s analysis, if the number of subjects in each treatment arm and subgroup level is ≥ 5, the p-value for subgroup effect from a one-way ANOVA performed by treatment arm will be presented, where the ANOVA includes subgroup as a fixed effect.

Boxplots will also present baseline concentration values across biomarkers and treatment arms. P-values from the ANOVAs performed for each biomarker described two paragraphs above will also be presented with the boxplots for each biomarker.

	Biomarker concentration data will be summarized by visit and per treatment arm. Observed values at each time point will be summarized using GMC,  median, minimum, maximum, Q1-Q3 values, and log-transformed mean and standard deviation results. For post-baseline results, fold change data will also be summarized and analyses will present geometric mean increase (GMI), as well as observed fold change from baseline median, minimum, maximum, Q1-Q3, and log-trasnformed mean and standard deviation values. 

GMI is calculated using the difference between log-transformed observed values back-transformed to the linear scale, where n is the number of subjects with non-missing results at baseline and Visit X:

GMI = 10^y where y = (∑▒〖(log_10⁡〖(〖concentration〗_(Visit X) )- log_10⁡(〖concentration〗_Baseline ))〗 〗)/n

A mixed-effect model with repeated measures (MMRM) that includes treatment, visit, and disease severity as fixed factors, baseline log-transformed concentration as a covariate, and a treatment-by-visit interaction term will be produced for each biomarker’s log-transformed concentration data to compare concentration data across timepoints within each treatment arm. An unstructured covariance structure shared across treatment arms will be used to model within-participant errors. The Kenward-Roger approximation will be used to estimate denominator degrees of freedom and adjust standard errors. The geometric least squares (LS) means, LS means and associated SE of log-transformed values, and p-value of the treatment-by-visit interaction will be presented for each level of treatment and visit with the summary statistics for observed results at each time point (LS means and SE values will be back-transformed to the linear scale). The estimated GMR (geometric mean ratio), corresponding 95% CI and p-value for the GMR ratio between each of the active treatment arms (treatment arms 1-5 in Table 1) and Placebo will also be presented for each visit.
 
Fold change from baseline of log-transformed biomarker concentrations over time will also be modeled with an MMRM, and it will include treatment, visit, and disease severity as fixed factors and a treatment-by-visit interaction term. The geometric LS mean increases, LS means and associated SE of log-transformed values, and p-value of the treatment-by-visit interaction will be presented with the summary statistics for fold change from baseline for each post-baseline visit . The estimated GMI ratio, corresponding 95% CI and p-value for the GMI ratio between each of the active treatment arms (treatment arms 1-5 in Table 1) and Placebo will also be presented for each visit.

An additional summary table will also be generated that summarizes fold change data at Week 16 by each of the subgroups in Section 3.2.1.1. An ANCOVA model that includes treatment, disease severity, and subgroup as fixed factors, log-transformed baseline biomarker concentration as a covariate, and a subgroup-by-treatment interaction term will also be run for log-transformed fold change from baseline data. The estimated GMI ratio, corresponding 95% CI, and p-value for the GMI ratio between each active treatment arm and placebo will be presented for Week 16 fold change from baseline data, and the p-value for the subgroup-by-treatment interaction will also be presented for each subgroup. 

In addition to the summary table described above, combined boxplots and line plots will be produced for each biomarker and treatment arm. The plots will present biomarker concentration values by time point. 

Fold change from baseline values will also be presented in line plots (one line per patient), as well as in a summary plot (one line per treatment arm) for each biomarker. The summary plots will include GMIs and corresponding geometric 95% CIs for each treatment arm and time point within the same plot. Confidence intervals will be calculated using the t-distribution of the difference between log-transformed observed values at each time point and baseline log-transformed values, back transformed to the original scale for presentation. P-values from the MMRM for the ratios between log-transformed observed values at each time point and baseline log-transformed values described above will also be presented.

	Physician assessments of AD activity and severity (EASI 50, EASI 75, IGA0/1) will be used to evaluate responders versus non responders across treatment arms and biomarker expression levels by time point. Only participants with response data at baseline and Week 16 will be included in the below analyses; subjects who have data at Week 16 and do not achieve the definition of response at Week 16 will be considered non-responders. The definitions of response for the physician assessments of AD activity/severity are defined below: 
	EASI 50: participant has at least 50% reduction from baseline in EASI at Week 16
	EASI 75: participant has at least a 75% reduction from baseline in EASI at Week 16
	IGA0/1: participant has a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Week 16

Boxplots will be used to demonstrate differences between responders and non-responders in biomarker concentration levels at each timepoint. The boxplots will be repeated separately for each clinical endpoint (EASI50, EASI75, IGA0/1), biomarker, and treatment arm. The time points in each figure will be separated into panels of responder status.

The boxplots described above will also be produced in a similar manner for fold change in biomarker levels from baseline data. 

Additionally, summary plots will present fold change from baseline data by responder status. The plots will include presentation of GMI values and corresponding geometric 95% CIs for each treatment arm and time point within the same plot. Confidence intervals will be calculated using the t-distribution of the difference between log-transformed observed values at each time point and baseline log-transformed values, back transformed to the original scale for presentation. 

Biomarker concentration data will also be summarized by response (responder, non-responder) in tables using descriptive statistics (i.e., n, GMC, , median, minimum, maximum, Q1-Q3, log10 mean, and log10 SE) for all biomarkers. Summaries will be presented by response status for each of the physician assessment endpoints, treatment arms, and time points. Fold change from baseline data will be similarly summarized and will present GMI along with other statistics referenced above.

For baseline summaries, if the number of subjects in each biomarker, responder status (responder, non-responder) and treatment arm is ≥5, the p-value from a one-way ANOVA (analysis of variance) that includes responder status as a fixed effect will be run for each biomarker and treatment arm. P-values will be presented with baseline summary statistics in the table summary to assess if baseline biomarker values differ between responder type within biomarker and treatment arm.

Log-transformed biomarker concentrations at each visit will be analyzed using an MMRM that includes treatment arm, responder status (responder, non-responder), and visit as fixed effects, log-transformed baseline concentration as a covariate, and a responder status-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term. A separate MMRM model will be run for each of the physician assessment endpoints used for defining responder status. An unstructured covariance structure shared across treatment arms will be used to model within-participant errors. The Kenward-Roger approximation will be used to estimate denominator degrees of freedom and adjust standard errors. The geometric LS means, LS means and associated SE of log-transformed values, and p-value of the responder status-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term will be presented for each level of responder status, treatment and visit with the summary statistics for observed results at each time point along with summary statistics for observed concentration data in relevant descriptive tables. The estimated GMR, corresponding 95% CI and p-value for the GMR between responders and non-responders will also be presented for each visit and treatment arm.

Fold change from baseline of log-transformed biomarker concentrations over time will also be modeled with an MMRM that includes treatment arm, responder status (responder, non-responder), and visit as fixed effects and a responder status-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term, with results presented in summary tables. The geometric LS means, LS means and associated SE of log-transformed values, and p-value of the responder status-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term will be presented for each level of responder status, treatment and visit , along with summary statistics for fold-change from baseline data. P-values will also be presented in respective summary plots. The estimated GMI ratio, corresponding 95% CI and p-value for the GMI ratio between responders and non-responders will also be presented for each visit and treatment arm.


	Potential predictive markers of AD will also be analyzed by plotting percent (%) change in EASI over time by “low” and “high” endotypes. Participants will be divided into two groups based off baseline biomarker expression. For total IgE, “high” participants will be defined as having a concentration of ≥ 200 150 kU/L at baseline; for all other biomarkers, “high” will be defined as greater than or equal to the median concentration at baseline. For total IgE, “low” participants will be defined as a concentration of < 200 150 kU/L at baseline; for all other biomarkers “low” will be defined as less than the median concentration at baseline. A plot will be produced for each treatment arm and biomarker. 


A table will also be produced that summarizes EASI percent (%) change from baseline by “high” and “low” biomarker concentration endotype using descriptive statistics (i.e., n, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum) across treatment arms and timepoints (Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24). An MMRM model that includes endotype, treatment arm, and visit as fixed effects and an endotype-by-treatment-by visit interaction term will be used to assess the difference in EASI percent (%) change from baseline values between low and high endotypes. An unstructured covariance structure shared across treatment arms will be used to model within-participant errors. The Kenward-Roger approximation will be used to estimate denominator degrees of freedom and adjust standard errors. The LS means, SE, and p-value of the endotype-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term will be presented for each level of endotype, treatment and visit. The LS means difference, corresponding 95% CI and p-value for the difference in EASI percent (%) change from baseline values between high and low endotypes will also be presented for each visit and treatment arm.

Summary plots will also be produced that plot the mean percent (%) change in EASI from baseline and corresponding 95% CI across all time points. Plots will display summary statistics by “high” and “low” endotype and by treatment arm and will be repeated for each biomarker. P-values from the MMRM described above will be displayed for each level of endotype, treatment and visit of the endotype-by-treatment-by-visit interaction term. Line plots will also be produced for percent (%) change in EASI from baseline and will be presented for each set of participants by treatment arm and “high” and “low” endotype for each biomarker. 

Change from baseline in IGA will also be summarized in a table by “high” and “low” biomarker concentration endotype using descriptive statistics (i.e., n, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum) across treatment arms and timepoints (Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24). The number of responders (as defined by EASI or IGA) will also be presented for each time point, treatment arm, and endotype. A logistic regression model that includes endotype, treatment arm, and an endotype-by-treatment interaction will be performed for each of the timepoints. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) of Placebo versus each active treatment arm in Table 1 will be estimated from the model and presented together with a 95% CI for each level of endotype and treatment arm. 

	To identify biomarkers as potential markers of disease severity, Spearman’s correlation coefficient will be presented in a table summary for baseline EASI score versus baseline biomarker concentration. Spearman’s correlation test will be performed for each EASI and baseline biomarker pair if the number of data points is > 10. With an FDR (false discovery rate) of 0.05, 5% of significant test results can be expected to be false positives, on average. P-values from the Spearman’s correlation test will be adjusted for an FDR of 0.05, and both the adjusted and un-adjusted p-values will be presented in the table.

Additionally, the correlation of percent (%) change from baseline in EASI score versus fold change in biomarker concentration will be analyzed for each post-baseline time point below by treatment arm. Fold change is calculated as  (Post-baseline value-Baseline value)/(Baseline value ).  Percent (%) change from baseline is calculated as (Post-baseline value-Baseline value)/(Baseline value )×100%. 

	To evaluate association of expression among biomarkers, a table presenting Spearman’s correlation coefficient between the biomarker concentration values at baseline will be produced and will include all pairs of biomarkers. 

A cross-frequency table will also be produced that demonstrates the overlap between biomarker “high” and “low” participants across each biomarker and level. Biomarker “High” and “low” participants will be defined as described in 5) above. 

A heat map will be produced to compare biomarker concentration values at baseline. Each row will present individual participant biomarker concentration data by biomarker (columns). Z-scores will be represented with color mapping and calculated by subtracting the mean biomarker concentration (across all participants) from the observed biomarker concentration in each cell (participant-level). This value will then be divided by the standard deviation of the biomarker concentration (calculated for the column, using all patients). Heat maps using fold change from baseline values will also be presented in the same manner; one heat map per post-baseline time point (Week 4, Week 16, and Week 24) will be produced. 
 
	For the Modified Biomarker Evaluable set for Part 1 the following summaries will be repeated. In these analyses, for those subjects who use rescue and/or prohibited medications prior to Week 24 (Day 169) and re-randomization, data will be excluded from the time of first rescue medication use. 
	Analysis of observed biomarker concentrations at each visit (including GMC and MMRM results for log-transformed observed values) and fold change from baseline values at each visit (including GMI and MMRM results for log-transformed fold change from baseline values) 
	Analysis of observed biomarker concentrations at each visit, summarized by responder type for EASI50, EASI75, and IGA (response defined by the physician assessments of AD activity/severity). Summaries will include GMC at baseline and GMI and MMRM results for log-transformed fold change from baseline values for post-baseline visits
	Analysis of EASI percent (%) change from baseline for biomarker endotypes (high, low) (including MMRM results for EASI percent (%) change from baseline values at each post-baseline visit)
	Analysis of IGA change from baseline for biomarker endotypes (high, low) (including logistic regression results for IGA change from baseline values at each post-baseline visit).
	Interim Analysis 

Interim Analysis 1:

An interim analysis will be planned when approximately 41 participants with no dropouts in each treatment arm complete the Week 16 assessments.

For the interim analysis, the below soluble protein biomarkers from serum will be evaluated up to Week 24 (and prior to re-randomization) for all the data available:
	Total IgE
	TARC
	IL13
	IL17A
	IL22

In order to maintain the further double-blinded conduct of the study, the study team will be kept blinded on the individual participant's treatment arm assignment. There will be two separate teams at PPD for the analysis of the data. The blinded team will be performing the analyses with the dummy treatment assignment and dummy biomarker measurement values, as the data itself will be potentially unblinding. The unblinded statistician team will perform the analyses with the actual treatment assignment and concentration data. Both the teams will work in separate study folders. The blinded team will not have any access to the unblinded team study folders. 
	Changes in the Planned Analysis
Not Applicable
	References
	KY1005/SAR445229-KY1005-CT05/DRI17366 Protocol Version 1.0, 01MAR2022 Amendment number: 08
	KY1005/SAR445229-KY1005-CT05/ DRI17366 SAP V1.0 25JAN2023


 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
LIST OF TABLES IN SAP	IV
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS	V
VERSION HISTORY	VIII
1.	INTRODUCTION	1
2.	OBJECTIVES	1
2.1.	PRIMARY OBJECTIVE AND ENDPOINTS	1
2.2.	SECONDARY OBJECTIVES AND ENDPOINTS	1
2.3.	EXPLORATORY OBJECTIVES AND ENDPOINTS	4
3.	INVESTIGATIONAL PLAN	4
3.1.	OVERALL STUDY DESIGN AND PLAN	4
3.2.	TREATMENTS	6
4.	GENERAL STATISTICAL CONSIDERATIONS	7
4.1.	SAMPLE SIZE	8
4.2.	INTERCURRENT EVENT	8
4.3.	ANALYSIS SET	9
4.3.1.	All Enrolled Set	9
4.3.2.	Full Analysis Set for Part 1	9
4.3.3.	Full Analysis Set for Part 2	9
4.3.4.	Safety Analysis Set for Part 1	9
4.3.5.	Safety Analysis Set for Part 2	9
4.3.6.	Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 1	9
4.3.7.	Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 2	10
4.3.8.	Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 1	10
4.3.9.	Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 2	10
4.4.	OTHER IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS	10
4.4.1.	Definition of Study Period to be evaluated	10
4.4.2.	Windows Periods	11
4.4.3.	Definition of Baseline	11
4.4.4.	Study Day Calculation	11
4.4.5.	Pre-specified Subgroups	11
4.4.6.	Duration (e.g., for Adverse Events)	12
4.4.7.	Coding Dictionaries	12
4.4.8.	Efficacy Parameters	12
5.	PATIENT DISPOSITION	14
5.1	DISPOSITION	14
5.2	PROTOCOL DEVIATIONS	15
5.3	INCLUSION AND EXCLUSION CRITERIA	15
6.	DEMOGRAPHICS AND BASELINE CHARACTERISTICS	15
6.1	DEMOGRAPHICS	15
6.2 MEDICAL HISTORY	15
6.2.1 General Medical History	15
6.2.2 Disease-Specific History	16
7.	TREATMENTS AND MEDICATIONS	16
7.1. PRIOR AND CONCOMITANT MEDICATIONS	16
7.2. PERMITTED CONCOMITANT MEDICATIONS	16
7.3. PROHIBITED CONCOMITANT MEDICATIONS (AND PROCEDURES)	16
7.4. RESCUE MEDICATIONS	17
7.5 STUDY TREATMENTS	18
7.5.1 Extent of Exposure	18
7.5.2 Treatment Compliance and Modifications	19
8.	EFFICACY ANALYSIS	19
8.1 ANALYSIS OF PRIMARY EFFICACY ENDPOINT	19
8.2 ANALYSIS OF KEY SECONDARY EFFICACY ENDPOINTS	24
8.3 ANALYSIS OF OTHER SECONDARY EFFICACY ENDPOINTS	29
8.4 EXPLORATORY EFFICACY ENDPOINTS	33
9.	SAFETY ANALYSIS	33
9.1 ADVERSE EVENTS	33
9.1.1 Incidence of Adverse Events	35
9.1.2. Serious Adverse Events	36
9.1.3 Relationship of Adverse Events to Study Drug	36
9.1.4. Severity of Adverse Event	36
9.1.5. Adverse Events Leading to Treatment Discontinuation and/ or Study Discontinuation	37
9.1.6. AE leading to Death	38
9.1.7. Adverse Event of Special Interest (AESI)	38
9.2 CLINICAL LABORATORY EVALUATIONS	39
9.2.1. Haematology	40
9.2.2. Serum Chemistry	40
9.2.3 Urinalysis	40
9.3. VITAL SIGN MEASUREMENTS	40
9.4. PHYSICAL EXAMINATION	40
9.5. 12-LEAD ECG	40
9.6. LOCAL SKIN REACTIONS	41
9.7. VIROLOGY	41
9.8. OTHER ANALYSIS	41
10.	PHARMACOKINETICS	42
10.1. DATA HANDLING	42
10.2. SERUM CONCENTRATIONS	42
10.3. IMMUNOGENICITY	43
10.4. SERUM PHARMACOKINETIC PARAMETERS	44
10.5. PHARMACOKINETIC STATISTICAL ANALYSIS	44
11. PHARMACODYNAMICS	44
12. INTERIM ANALYSIS	44
13. FINAL ANALYSIS	46
13. CHANGES IN THE PLANNED ANALYSIS	47
14. REFERENCES	47
15. APPENDICES	48
15.1. SECONDARY ESTIMANDS AND STRATEGIES	48
15.2. IMPUTATION ALGORITHM FOR PARTIAL AND MISSING DATES AND TIME	54
15.3. SCHEDULE OF STUDY PROCEDURES	55
15.4. PCSA CRITERIA	68
15.5 ANALYSIS WINDOW DETAILS	72

List of Tables in SAP

Table 1 Major changes in Statistical Analysis Plan	VIII
Table 2 Intercurrent Event Types	8
Table 3 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary Endpoint	18
Table 4 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Binary Key Secondary Endpoint	24
Table 5 Secondary Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Key Secondary Endpoints	45
Table 6   Schedule of Assessments Screening to Day 113(Week 16)	52
Table 7  Schedule of Assessments - Day 120 (Week 17) to Day 169(Week 24)	57
Table 8  Schedule of Assessments - Day 176 (Week 25) to Day 365(Week 52)	60
Table 9 Schedule of Assessments – Safety Follow-up	64
Table 10 Vital Signs	65
Table 11 12-Lead ECG	65
Table 12 Clinical Laboratory Parameters	66
Table 13 Analyses window definition for Efficacy Parameters	69
Table 14 Analyses window definition for Safety Parameters	72
Table 15 Analyses window definition for PK Parameters	73

 
List of Abbreviations
Abbreviation	Definition
AD	Atopic dermatitis
ADA	Anti drug antibody
ADL 	Activities of daily living
ADCT	Atopic dermatitis control test
AE	Adverse event
AESI	Adverse event of special interest
ALT	Alanine aminotransferase
ANCOVA	Analysis of covariance
AST	Aspartate aminotransferase
ATC	Anatomical therapeutic chemical
AUC	Area under the serum concentration curve
AUClast	Area under the serum concentration curve from time 0 to the last measurable observed concentration
BLQ	Below the limit of quantification
BMI	Body mass index
BSA	Body surface area
C1q	Complement component 1q
CD	Cluster of differentiation 
Cmax	Maximum observed serum concentration
Cmin	Minimum observed serum concentration
CI	Confidence interval
CMC	Chemistry and manufacturing controls
COVID-19	Coronavirus disease 2019 
CPK	Creatine phosphokinase
CRO	Contract research organisation
CTCAE	Common terminology criteria for adverse events
CTMS	Clinical trial management system
CV	Coefficient of variation
DLQI	Dermatology quality of life index
DRM	Data review meeting
EASI	Eczema area and severity index
ECG	Electrocardiogram
eCOA	Electronic Clinical Outcome Assessment
	
EOS	End of study 
EP	Endpoint
FAS	Full analysis set
FBC	Full blood count
FSH	Follicle-stimulating hormone
GATA3	GATA binding protein 3
GCP	Good clinical practice
GDPR	General data protection regulation
GGT	Gamma glutamyl transferase
HADS	Hospital anxiety and depression scale
Hb	Haemoglobin
HbsAg	Hepatitis B surface antigen
HBcAb	Hepatitis B core antibody
HCT	Haematocrit
HIV	Human immunodeficiency virus
IA	Interim Analysis
IB	Investigator brochure
IcEv	Intercurrent event
ICH	International council for harmonisation 
IDMC	Independent data monitoring committee
Ig	Immunoglobulin
IGA	Investigator global assessment
IMP	Investigational medicinal product
IRT	Interactive response technology
LDH	Lactate dehydrogenase
LoE	Lack of efficacy
LS	Least squares
LTE	Long-term extension
mAb	Monoclonal antibody
MCH	Mean cell haemoglobin
MCHC	Mean cell haemoglobin concentration
MCV	Mean cell volume
MPV	Mean platelet volume
MedDRA	Medical dictionary for regulatory activities
MMRM	Mixed-effect model with repeated measures
NA	Not applicable
NOAEL	No observed adverse effect level
NRS	Numerical rating scale
OX40L	OX40 ligand
PBO	Placebo
PD	Pharmacodynamic(s)
PK	Pharmacokinetic(s)
POEM	Patient oriented eczema measure
PT	Preferred term
Q4W	Every 4 weeks
RBCC	Red blood cell count
RNA	Ribonucleic acid
RM	Rescue medication
RDW	Red cell distribution width
SAE(s)	Serious adverse event(s)
SAF	Safety analysis set
SAP	Statistical analysis plan
SAS	Statistical analysis system
SC	Subcutaneous(ly) 
SCORAD	SCORing of atopic dermatitis
SEM	Standard error of the mean
SD	Standard deviation
SOC	System organ class
TB	Tuberculosis
TEAE(s)	Treatment emergent adverse event(s)
tmax	Time of maximum observed concentration
ULN	Upper limit of normal
WBCC	White blood cell count
WOCF	Worst observation carried forward
WHO	World health organisation

 
Version History
Table 1 Major changes in Statistical Analysis Plan
SAP version	Approval date	Changes	Rationale
1.0	25 Jan 2023	Not applicable	Original version
2.0	19 May 2023	Section 3.1: Removed redundancy in description of study design
Section 4.3: Fine-tuned some analysis set definitions
Section 4.4.1: Described Part 1 and Part 2 which are widely used in TLF outputs
Section 4.4.5: The EASI and IGA scores from eCOA instead of IRT (stratification factor) are used
Section 6.6.2: Disease-specific history clarified that it encompasses onset and duration of AD and not prior medications/treatments
Section 7.1: Corrected definition of prior medications to use only start date and not requiring them to finish before randomization; added details on how information from 3 eCRF pages will be used and supplemented with categorizations external to EDC.	
3.0	21Nov2023	Section 4: Updated summary of data presentation needed for Part 1 and Part 2
Section 4.4.1: Updated definition of study periods.
Section 8.3: Updated to include figures related to Week 24 and Week 52 presentation and from Week 0 to Week 52 presentation.
	Updated to include categorical analysis related to Part 2 use of rescue and prohibited medications impacting efficacy use only regardless of Part 1  rescue and prohibited medications impacting efficacy use.
	Updated to include bar charts related to bar plot related to Part 2 use of rescue and prohibited medications impacting efficacy use only regardless of Part 1  rescue and prohibited medications impacting efficacy use.
Section 13: New section to explain the 2 final analysis.	



 
1.	Introduction

KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) is a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled, parallel group, Phase IIb study. The study will consist of 4 study periods: Screening period; Treatment Period 1: Baseline (Day 1) to Day 169 (Week 24); Treatment Period 2: From Day 169 (Week 24) post randomization to Day 365 (Week 52) plus 112 days of safety follow-up period.

The aim of this study is to further characterise the efficacy (including dose/exposure-response) and safety of KY1005 across a range of doses/exposures for a maximum duration of 52 weeks in adult patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (AD) who have had an inadequate response to topical therapies or where topical therapies are not advised. This 24-week Placebo-controlled dose ranging period will be followed, in those patients who achieve an ≥ EASI 75 and/or IGA 0/1, with a randomised withdrawal period to Day 365 (Week 52) to characterise the durability of response ahead of the anticipated Phase III program. 

This statistical analysis plan (SAP) describes the statistical methods to be used during the reporting and analysis of clinical data collected in the study. This plan should be read in conjunction with the Amended Clinical Trial Protocol 08 Version 1.0 – 01MAR2022. All analyses will be conducted using SAS® Version 9.4 or higher.

2.	Objectives
2.1.	Primary objective and Endpoints 

Objective	Endpoint
To characterise the efficacy (including dose/exposure-response) across a range of KY1005 exposures compared to Placebo on the signs of AD using the Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI) in those patients who have a documented history, within 6 months prior to Baseline, of either inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments	• Percentage change in EASI from Baseline to Day 113 (Week 16).
2.2.	Secondary objectives and Endpoints 

Objective	Endpoint
Safety and tolerability of KY1005.	• Incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events.
The pharmacokinetic profile across a range of KY1005 doses/exposures.	• Serum KY1005 concentration assessed throughout the study.
The response across a range of KY1005 exposures on additional physician assessments of AD activity/severity (e.g. EASI 50, EASI 75, EASI 90, EASI 100, Investigator Global Assessment [IGA], SCORing of Atopic Dermatitis [SCORAD] Index and affected body surface area [BSA]).	Key secondary endpoints:
• Percentage change from Baseline in EASI at Day 169 (Week 24). 
• Percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from Baseline in EASI (EASI 75) at Days 113 (Week 16) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Percentage of patients with a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from Baseline of ≥2 points at Days 113 (Week 16) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Proportion of patients with improvement (reduction) of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 with a Baseline pruritis NRS of ≥4 from Baseline to Days 113 (Week 16) and 169 (Week 24). 

Other secondary endpoints: 
• Absolute change from Baseline in EASI at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Percentage change from Baseline in EASI at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12) and 141 (Week 20). 
• Percentage of patients with at least a 50% reduction from Baseline in EASI (EASI 50) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from Baseline in EASI (EASI 75) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), and 141 (Week 20).
• Percentage of patients with at least a 90% reduction from Baseline in EASI (EASI 90) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Percentage of patients with at least a 100% reduction from Baseline in EASI (EASI 100) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24). 
• Change in IGA from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Percentage of patients with a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from Baseline of ≥2 points at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), and 141 (Week 20). 
• Absolute and Percentage change in SCORAD Index from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Absolute and Percentage change in affected BSA from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
The response across a range of KY1005 dose/exposures on patient reported AD activity/severity (Atopic dermatitis Control Tool [ADCT], Patient Oriented [PO] Eczema Measure [POEM], Dermatology Quality of Life Index [DLQI], Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale [HADS], and Numerical Rating Scale [NRS] for pruritus).	• Absolute and Percentage change in POEM from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Absolute and Percentage change in DLQI from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
• Absolute and Percentage change in ADCT from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Absolute and Percentage change in HADS from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
• Absolute and Percentage change in weekly average of pruritus NRS from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Proportion of patients with improvement (reduction) of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥3 with a Baseline pruritis NRS of ≥3  from Baseline to Days 113 (Week 16) and 169 (Week 24).
The pharmacodynamic response to KY1005 including but not limited to: The immunogenicity of KY1005, including the anti-KY1005 antibody response.	• The immunogenicity of KY1005, including the anti-KY1005 antibody response.
To explore the continued clinical response in those patients who achieve ≥ EASI 75 or who attain IGA 0/1 at Day 169 (Week 24)	• Continued assessment of the efficacy endpoints from Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
• Time to loss of EASI 75 in participants randomised to withdrawal post-Week 24. 
• Time to loss of IGA 0/1 in participants randomised to withdrawal post-Week 24.
• Time to loss of EASI 50 in participants randomised to withdrawal post-Week 24. 
• Continued assessment of patient reported AD activity/severity endpoints from Day 169 (Week 24) and over time 
2.3.	Exploratory Objectives and Endpoints

Objective	Endpoint
The pharmacodynamic response to KY1005 including but not limited to: 
Changes in total immunoglobulin E (IgE).	• Change in total IgE from Baseline.
Change in cutaneous features of AD from Baseline	• Change in cutaneous features of AD, such as but not limited to epidermal thickness and the immune cell markers OX40, OX40L, GATA3 and CD3 from Baseline. 
• Assessment of gene expression between non-lesional and lesional skin at Baseline and change in global cutaneous gene expression from Baseline.
Change in soluble protein blood biomarkers of AD from Baseline.	• Change in soluble protein blood biomarkers of AD from Baseline.
Change in global whole blood gene 
expression from Baseline	• Change in global whole blood gene expression from Baseline.
3.	Investigational Plan
3.1.	Overall Study Design and Plan

This is a Phase IIb, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicentre dose ranging study to characterise the efficacy and safety of SC administered KY1005 in adult patients with moderate-to-severe AD who have a documented history, within 6 months prior to Baseline, of an inadequate response to, or inadvisability of, topical treatments. 

After providing informed consent, patients will be assessed for study eligibility at the Screening Visit. Patients will undergo Screening within 28 days prior to randomisation. During the Screening period, topical treatments for AD will be washed out for at least 7 days prior to Baseline (except bland moisturisers). Systemic therapies will be washed out as per the minimum acceptable time windows. Patients will be required to apply bland moisturisers (emollients) with no additives (eg, urea) at least twice daily for a minimum of 7 consecutive days before Baseline and continue throughout the study. Patients who continue to meet the eligibility criteria at Baseline will be randomised 1:1:1:1:1 to receive a SC dose of KY1005, or matching Placebo. The randomisation will be stratified by disease severity (moderate/ severe) and region at baseline. Disease Severity at baseline is defined as moderate (Baseline EASI <= 21) and severe (Baseline EASI >21). Up to 350 patients (approximately 70 patients per treatment arm) will be enrolled.  

Four different SC KY1005 dosing regimens will be tested versus Placebo. From Baseline up to Day 169 (Week 24), investigational medicinal product (IMP) will be administered at the following doses and intervals; 500 mg loading dose (given as 2 x 2 mL SC administration) followed 28 days later and thereafter with 250 mg every 4 weeks (Q4W) or the following regimens from Baseline: 250 mg Q4W, or 125 mg Q4W or 62.5 mg Q4W or Placebo Q4W.  

At Baseline those patients not receiving a KY1005 loading dose will receive both KY1005 and Placebo to maintain the study blind. All patients will therefore receive 2 x 2 mL SC doses at Baseline. 

To enable Placebo patients and those patients randomised to the KY1005 62.5 mg Q4W, 125 mg Q4W and 250mg Q4W treatment arms to receive KY1005 at a dose expected to elicit a meaningful clinical response (based on prior clinical evidence), patients who do not achieve ≥ EASI 75 or IGA 0/1 at Week 24 will be invited to enroll in the LTE study (LTS17367) where they will receive KY1005.

In those patients who achieve ≥ EASI 75 or who attain IGA 0/1 at Week 24, a re-randomisation will occur pre-dose at Day 169 (Week 24) and patients will enter the second study period. The week 24 randomisation will be stratified by IGA response (IGA 0/1 or IGA 2/3/4) at week 24. This will occur irrespective of whichever dose group the patient was randomised to at Baseline including Placebo. Patients will be randomised in a 3:1 manner to be withdrawn from therapy or to continue their pre-Week 24 dose/interval. To maintain the blind, those patients randomised to the withdrawal arm will receive Placebo Q4W. Those patients who are re-randomised at Week 24 who lose their clinical response (Loss of clinical response is defined as the first instance of <EASI 50 during the second study period where rescue therapy is no longer permitted) will be offered the opportunity to be retreated with KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) in the LTE study (LTS17367). If loss of clinical response from Week 28 occurs, Investigators will be able to choose to discontinue the patient from KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) or to progress to the LTE study (LTS17367). If loss of response from Week 28 occurs between visits and re-treatment with KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) is considered appropriate, patients will be permitted to move to the LTE study (LTS17367) (patient to meeting the inclusion/exclusion criteria for the LTE study (LTS17367)). Where a decision is taken by the Investigator to enroll a patient in the LTE study (LTS17367) at an unscheduled timepoint or visit (e.g., Week 31), the patient will be asked to remain in KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) and to return at the next scheduled visit. This will allow their eligibility to be confirmed and will ensure the Baseline LTE study (LTS17367) dose administration is aligned with the appropriate dosing interval, i.e. Q4W. Where patients discontinue from KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) and do not enter the LTE study (LTS17367), Investigators should follow safety follow-up as outlined in the Schedule of Assessments. Where patients prematurely withdraw from the KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) study and enter the LTE study (LTS17367), an early termination visit must be completed as per the Schedule of Assessments before enrolment in the LTE study (LTS17367).

At Day 365 (Week 52), patients who have completed the post-Week 24 period and have not experienced loss of clinical response will have an additional 112 days’ safety follow-up up to Day 477 (Week 68) and then be discharged from the study. The last dose will be given no later than Day 337 (Week 48) and as such safety follow-up will be 140 days following last dose of IMP. If during safety follow-up or after the end of study this cohort of patient’s experience worsening of their AD, and in the Investigator’s opinion re-treatment with KY1005-CT05 (DRI17366) is considered appropriate, they may be considered for enrolment in the LTE study (LTS17367) (patient to meeting inclusion/exclusion criteria). 

The duration of the study will be up to 28 days for screening and then up to approximately Day 477 (Week 68) (to Day 365 [Week 52] plus 112 days safety follow-up, reflecting the last IMP injection day 337 [Week 48] plus 140 days of safety follow up or 5 half-lives) for all patients unless enrolled into the LTE study (LTS17367) at Day 169 (Week 24) or due to loss of clinical response at or after Day 197 (Week 28). The last dose will be given no later than Day 337 (Week 48).

The IMPs are KY1005 (SAR445229), hereby known as KY1005, or matching Placebo.
Figure 1 Study Design
 
AD=atopic dermatitis; IMP=investigational medicinal product; EP=endpoint; EASI=eczema area and severity index; IGA= investigator global assessment; LTE=long-term extension; Q4W=every 4 weeks; NA=not applicable. 
On Day 169 (Week 24), patients are re-randomised prior to IMP administration on the basis of their Day 169 (Week 24) response. 

3.2.	Treatments

KY1005
KY1005 drug product is formulated as a liquid at 125 mg/mL in a buffer of 20 mM L Histidine/ Histidine Hydrochloride, 220 mM Sucrose, 0.04% (w/v) Polysorbate 80, at pH 6.0.  

KY1005 125 mg/mL drug product is aseptically filled into 2 mL Type 1 clear glass vials with a nominal fill volume of 1 mL, sealed with FluoroTec coated stoppers and crimped with overcaps to ensure container closure integrity. 

Matching Placebo
The matching Placebo contains 20 mM L Histidine/ Histidine Hydrochloride, 220 mM Sucrose, 0.04% (w/v) Polysorbate 80, at pH 6.0, and is also used to dilute KY1005 to the correct dose concentration in a fixed volume to maintain blinding.
4.	General Statistical Considerations

Continuous data will be summarized using descriptive statistics (i.e., n, mean, standard deviation (SD), median, minimum, and maximum). Categorical data will be summarized using the patient count and percentage in each category. 

For Part 1:
The data in Part 1 will be presented according to planned treatment or actual treatment received at Day 1. These analyses include the following: patient disposition, demographics and baseline characteristics, significant protocol deviations, medical history, drug exposure, prior/concomitant medications for AD and non-AD, rescue and prohibited medications and procedures  impacting efficacy, rescue medications, prohibited medications and procedures, concomitant procedures, adverse events, injection site reactions, efficacy parameters (EASI, IGA, NRS etc), 12-lead electrocardiogram parameters, laboratory parameters, PK parameters, and ADA.

For Part 2:
The data in Part 2 will be presented according to treatment sequence planned or received. These analyses include the following: drug exposure, prior/concomitant medications for AD and non-AD, rescue and prohibited medications and procedures impacting efficacy, rescue medications, prohibited medications and procedures, concomitant procedures, adverse events, injection site reactions, efficacy parameters (EASI, IGA, NRS etc), 12-lead electrocardiogram parameters, laboratory parameters, PK parameters, and ADA. Patient disposition, demographics and baseline characteristics, significant protocol deviations, and medical history will be presented among patients enrolled in Part 2. Data on some endpoints such as prior/concomitant medications for AD and non-AD, rescue and prohibited medications and procedures impacting efficacy, rescue medications, prohibited medications and procedures, concomitant procedures, efficacy adverse events, laboratory parameters, PK and ADA will be presented from baseline up to Week 52 or Week 68 among patients enrolled in Part 2. In addition, presentation of rescue and prohibited medications and procedures will also be done for Week 52 to Week 68 data only.

All CIs presented will be 95% (two-sided) CIs.

Non-zero percentages will be rounded to one decimal place. When count data are presented, percentages will be rounded to one decimal place. If count is 0, the percentage will not be presented. CI will be presented to two decimal places for proportion, wherever applicable. A row denoted “Missing” will be included in count tabulations where specified on the shells to account for dropouts and missing values.

The denominator for all percentages will be the number of patients with non-missing values of corresponding parameter in that treatment within the analysis population of interest, unless otherwise specified.

For the summary statistics of all numerical variables, unless otherwise specified, minimum and maximum will be displayed to the same level of precision as reported up to a maximum of three decimal places. Mean and median will be displayed to one level of precision greater than the data collected up to a maximum of three decimal places. Standard deviation / standard error will be displayed to two levels of precision greater than the data collected up to a maximum of three decimal places.

A table, figure, listing is to be generated for any required item even where no data is available or reported. This will ensure the health authorities that the tables, figures, listings and narratives are accounted for. This table, figure or listing will state: “No Data Reported”.

All other statistical analyses performed in part 1 will be performed using a two-sided hypothesis test at the overall 5% level of significance.
P-values will be rounded to four decimal places. If a rounded P-value is less than 0.0001 it will be reported as “<0.0001.” 
Unless otherwise specified, baseline will be defined as the last non-missing evaluation prior to study drug administration.
Calculation of Change and Percent Change from Baseline 
Change from Baseline to any trial Week t (Ct) is calculated as follows: 
 Ct = Mt – MB, where: 
•	Mt is the measurement of interest at Week t 
•	MB is the measurement of interest at Baseline 
Percent change from Baseline to any trial Week t (Pt) is calculated as follows: 
 Pt = 100*(Ct/MB)
4.1.	Sample Size

A sample size of 350 patients (70 patients / group) in the target population, (adult with moderate to-severe AD who have a documented history, within 6 months prior to Baseline, of either inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments),  randomised 1:1:1:1:1 to four KY1005 groups or matching Placebo group is estimated to provide at least 84% power to detect a pairwise difference in means between each KY1005 and Placebo with respect to the percentage change in EASI from Baseline to Day 113 (Week 16), based on a 2-sided 2-sample equal-variance t-test.
The calculation assumed a clinically important difference between the groups of at least 30%, a SD of 50% and a dropout rate of 30%. The assumptions of the sample size determination are based on the Phase 2a study results in KY1005-CT02 as well as considering other AD study results. The sample size calculation was performed using PASS 15 Power Analysis and Sample Size Software (2017). NCSS, LLC. Kaysville, Utah, USA, ncss.com/software/pass.
4.2.	Intercurrent Event
Intercurrent events relevant for this study are presented in table below:
Table 2 Intercurrent Event Types
Label	Intercurrent Event Type
IcEv1 
(Lack of Efficacy)	Treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy (LoE)
IcEv2 
(Discontinue other reasons)	Treatment discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy but not taking prohibited / permitted rescue medication
IcEv3
(Prohibited medication impacting efficacy)	Use of prohibited concomitant medication or procedure impacting efficacy
IcEv4
(Rescue Medication)	Use of rescue medication (RM)
Please refer section 8.1. and 8.2 for details of Primary Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary Endpoint and Secondary Endpoints.
4.3.	Analysis Set
The following analysis sets will be used in the statistical analyses. 
4.3.1.	All Enrolled Set
All Enrolled Analysis Set includes all patients who signed an informed consent form with no screen failures. Analysis will be based on treatment allocated at randomisation.
4.3.2.	Full Analysis Set for Part 1
The Full Analysis Set (FAS1) for Part 1 includes all randomised patients up to week 24. Efficacy analysis will be based on treatment allocated at randomisation. 
4.3.3.	Full Analysis Set for Part 2
The Full Analysis Set (FAS2) for Part 2 includes all re-randomised patients at Week 24 up to week 52. Efficacy analysis will be based on treatment allocated at re-randomisation. 
4.3.4.	Safety Analysis Set for Part 1
The safety set (SAF1) for Part 1 will consist of all patients who take at least one dose of study treatment, including Placebo up to week 24. Any analysis based on the SAF1 will be based on the treatment actually received, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation.
4.3.5.	Safety Analysis Set for Part 2
The safety set (SAF2) for Part 2 will consist of all re-randomised patients at Week 24 who take at least one dose of study treatment on or after Week 24. Any analysis based on the SAF2 will be based on the treatment actually received at week 24, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation.

4.3.6.	Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 1
  The PK set will consist of all randomized patients in the SAF1 with at least one post-Baseline PK sample (with adequate documentation of dosing and sampling dates and times) up to week 24. Any analysis based on the PK1 will be based on the treatment actually received, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation. Patients who received only placebo will not be included.
4.3.7.	Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 2
The PK set will consist of all randomized patients in the SAF2 with at least one post-Baseline PK sample (with adequate documentation of dosing and sampling dates and times) from Week 24 up to week 52. Any analysis based on the PK2 will be based on the treatment actually received at week 24, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation. Patients who received only placebo will not be included.
4.3.8.	Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 1
The ADA set will consist of all randomized patients treated with KY1005 in the SAF1 with at least one post-Baseline ADA result (positive, negative or inconclusive) up to week 24. Any analysis based on the ADA1 will be based on the treatment actually received, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation.
4.3.9.	Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 2
The ADA set will consist of all randomized patients treated with KY1005 in the SAF2 with at least one post-Baseline ADA result (positive, negative or inconclusive) from Week 24 up to week 52. Any analysis based on the ADA2 will be based on the treatment actually received at week 24, regardless of assigned treatment according to the planned randomisation.
4.4.	 Other Important Considerations
4.4.1.	Definition of Study Period to be evaluated
For the purposes of efficacy and safety data analysis, and for reporting, the following study periods are considered:
•	Part 1:
o	For efficacy data, this is the induction phase which encompasses data from baseline through week 24 visit. 
o	For non-efficacy data, this is the induction phase which encompasses data from baseline through end of study involvement for patients who did not proceed to Part 2 or first IMP date or rerandomization date in Part 2 for patients who proceed to Part 2.  
•	Part 2:
o	For efficacy data, this is the maintenance phase which encompasses data from week 24 up to week 52 visit.
o	For non-efficacy data, this is the maintenance phase which encompasses data from first IMP date or rerandomization date in Part 2 up to week 68. For rescue and prohibited medications and procedures impacting efficacy, this includes data from first IMP data or rerandomization date in Part 2 up to week 52.
•	Overall:
o	For efficacy data, this is the period covering from baseline to week 52 visit.
o	For safety data, this is the period covering from baseline through end of study involvement for patients who did not proceed to Part 2 or up to week 68 for patients who proceed to Part 2. For rescue and prohibited medications and procedures impacting efficacy, this includes data up to week 52 only.

For efficacy analysis, all observed measurements will be eligible to be included in analyses. 

4.4.2.	Windows Periods 
Before analyzing the data, all post-Baseline visits (scheduled or unscheduled, unless specified otherwise) will be mapped to an analysis visit based on the windowing algorithm in Section 15.5 Analysis window Details. If multiple visits containing the same data of interest can be mapped to the same analysis visit, the visit closest to the target day will be used in the analysis. In the event that two or more visits are equidistant to the target day, the later visit will be used in the analysis. 

Please refer Section 0 for details of Analysis Window.
4.4.3.	Definition of Baseline
Baseline value is the last available value prior to the first dose of study drug or randomization date, in case patient is not exposed. The baseline for weekly average pruritus NRS score is defined as the average of daily non-missing scores obtained during the 7 days prior to randomization. A minimum of 4 daily scores out of the 7 days is required to calculate the baseline average score
4.4.4.	Study Day Calculation
Study days are calculated considering Day 1 as the day of first administration of intervention (or the day of randomization for patient not exposed).
If the event is after the reference start date (date of drug administration) then the study day will be calculated as assessment date – date of drug administration + 1 else if event is prior to the reference start date then it will be calculated as assessment date – date of drug administration.
Summary statistics for data such as adverse events and concomitant medications will not be reported by visit. 
4.4.5.	Pre-specified Subgroups
The following subgroups will be explored for the primary endpoint and selected key secondary endpoints: 

1.	Age (<65, >=65)
2.	Gender (male, female)
3.	Race
4.	Region (ASIA-PACIFIC, EMEA, NORTH AMERICA)
5.	Weight (<median, >=median)
6.	EASI (<=21 vs >21) from eCOA, per baseline definition in Section 4
7.	IGA (3 vs 4) from eCOA, per baseline definition in Section 4
8.	Previous systemic immunosuppressant use (Yes vs No)
9.	Previous biologic use (Yes vs No)
10.	Previous dupilumab use (Yes vs No)
11.	Previous cyclosporine use (Yes vs No)
12.	Previous methotrexate use (Yes vs No)
4.4.6.	Duration (e.g., for Adverse Events)
If date is collected, then duration is calculated as event end date minus event onset date + 1. Unit is days.
4.4.7.	Coding Dictionaries
Adverse events, medical history and prior and concomitant non-drug treatment procedures will be coded using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) Version 24.1 or later.

Previous and concomitant treatments will be coded with the WHODRUG Global B3 March 2021 or later. 
4.4.8.	Efficacy Parameters
Below efficacy parameters will be analyzed:

1.	Eczema Area and Severity Index (EASI)
The EASI is a validated measure used in clinical practice and clinical trials to assess the severity and extent of AD (Hanifin 2001). The EASI score calculation is based upon the Physician’s Assessment of Individual Signs [erythema (E), induration/papulation (I), excoriation (X), and lichenification (L)], where each sign is scored as 0 = Absent, 1 = Mild, 2 = Moderate, or 3 = Severe, and also upon the Area Score [based on the % (BSA) affected] where 0 = 0% BSA, 1 = 1-9% BSA, 2 = 10-29% BSA, 3 = 30-49% BSA, 4 = 50-69% BSA, 5 = 70-89% BSA, 6 = 90-100% BSA. 

For each of major section of the body (head, upper extremities, trunk and lower extremities), EASI score = (E+I+X+L) x Area Score. The total EASI score is the weighted total of the section EASI using the weights 10% = head, 20% = upper extremities, 30% = trunk, 40% = lower extremities. The minimum possible EASI score is 0 and the maximum possible EASI score is 72 where a higher score indicates increased extent and severity of atopic dermatitis. The EASI score of each sign (E, I, X and L) can be calculated in a similar way, for example, the EASI score of erythema = weighted sum of E x Area Score at each section

2.	Investigator’s Global Assessment (IGA)
The IGA is a static 5-point measure of AD disease severity used in clinical studies to determine severity of AD and clinical response to treatment. The ratings (0 = clear, 1 = almost clear, 2 = mild, 3 = moderate, 4 = severe) are an overall assessment of AD skin lesions based on erythema and papulation/infiltration. IGA score will be assessed at every scheduled and unscheduled clinic visit.

3.	Pruritus Numeric Rating Scale (NRS)
The NRS for pruritus is an assessment tool that will be used to assess the patient’s worst itch as a result of their AD in the previous 24 hours. This will be recorded daily, ideally in the morning, using an internet-enabled device with patients asked, “On a scale of “0” (no itch) to “10” (worst imaginable itch), how was your worst itch in the past 24 hours?”. Patients will additionally be asked to record NRS for 7 consecutive days immediately prior to Baseline. Sites will be encouraged to contact patients who have missed 2 consecutive e-diary entries to encourage patient compliance.

The baseline for weekly average pruritus NRS score is defined as the average of daily non-missing scores obtained during the 7 days prior to randomization (Day –6 to Day 1). A minimum of 4 daily scores out of the 7 days is required to calculate the baseline average score.  The post-baseline weekly average pruritus NRS score is calculated as the average of daily non-missing scores obtained from the reported daily NRS within the week up to and including target day of the scheduled visit.


4.	SCORing of Atopic Dermatitis Index 

The SCORAD Index is a validated clinical tool developed to standardise the evaluation of the extent and severity of AD [SCORAD Dermatol Basel Switz 1993]. This assessment will be completed using an internet-enabled device. To determine the extent of AD, the affected area (A) as a percentage of the whole body is determined, with a maximum score of 100% (head and neck [9%], upper limbs [9% each], lower limbs [18% each], anterior trunk [18%], back [18%], genitals [1%]).  The severity (B) of 6 specific symptoms of AD (redness, swelling, oozing/crusting, scratch marks, skin thickening [lichenification], dryness [area where there is no inflammation]) is assessed on a 4 point scale, with a maximum score of 18: none (0), mild (1), moderate (2) or severe (3).  Patientive symptoms (ie, itch and sleeplessness; C) are recorded as scored by the patient or relative on a visual analogue scale (VAS), where 0 is no itch (or sleeplessness) and 10 is the worst imaginable itch (or sleeplessness), with a maximum possible score of 20.

The SCORAD score for each patient is calculated as: A/5 + 7B/2 + C.

5.	Body Surface Area Involvement of Atopic Dermatitis 
Body surface area (BSA) affected by AD will be assessed for each section of the body (the possible highest score for each region is: head and neck [9%], anterior trunk [18%], back [18%], upper limbs [18%], lower limbs [36%], and genitals [1%]) and will be reported as a percentage of all major body sections combined.

6.	Patient Oriented Eczema Measure 
The POEM is a tool used for monitoring atopic eczema severity.  It focuses on the illness as experienced by the patient.  This will be completed using an internet enabled device.  
The questionnaire consists of 7 questions pertaining to the symptoms of AD and their frequency.  Scores are based on a scale of zero (no days) to 4 (every day in the last week) for each question, with a maximum score of 28 possible for all questions.  A POEM total score is correlated to eczema severity (0 2 [clear or almost clear], 3 7 [mild], 8 16 [moderate], 17 24 [severe], 25 28 [very severe]).

7.	Dermatology Life Quality Index 
The DLQI is a dermatology specific QoL instrument and is a simple, validated questionnaire.  This will be completed using an internet enabled device.

The instrument consists of 10 questions pertaining to the effect of AD on QoL.  Scores are based on a scale of “0” (not at all/not relevant/question unanswered) to “3” (very much/prevented work or studying), with a maximum score of 30 possible for all questions.  The total score is correlated to the detrimental effect of AD on QoL (0 1 [no effect at all on patient’s life], 2 5 [small effect], 6 10 [moderate effect], 11 20 [very large effect] and 21 30 [extremely large effect]).

8.	Atopic Dermatitis Control Tool 
The ADCT is a validated 6-item instrument with a 7-day recall period to measure AD disease control.  This will be completed using an internet enabled device. The following domains are assessed: overall severity of symptoms, frequency of intense episodes of itching, severity of bother of itching, frequency of sleep impact, severity of daily activities impact, severity of mood or emotions impact.  Each item is scored from 0 (none) to 4 (extreme).  A total score of 7 or more points (derived by adding item scores) was identified during validation as an optimum threshold to identify patients whose AD is “not in control”.

9.	Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale 
The HADS is a validated 14-item PRO measure used to assess states of anxiety and depression over the past week.  This will be completed using an internet enabled device. Only the HADS total score will be presented in the analysis
5.	Patient Disposition
5.1	Disposition
Patient disposition will be summarized by study treatment group and overall. 

Disposition of patients includes the counts and percentages of patients for the following categories: screened, screen failures, randomized, patients who completed the study treatment, patients who discontinued from the study treatment, patients who completed the study, patients who discontinued from the study, patients who completed Week 24, patients re-randomised at Week 24, number of patients who enter in LTE, patients who discontinued from study treatment prior to Week 24, patients who discontinued from study prior to Week 24, and  patients who provide consent for the skin biopsy sub-study. For patients who discontinue treatment prior to week 24 or discontinue study prior week 24, the denominator will be the number of patients randomized for part 1. For screened and screen failure, only the total count will be provided. 

Similar disposition items will be summarized for Part 2, treatment completion, early discontinuation from treatment, study completion, early discontinuation from study, etc. The denominator for Part 2 disposition table will be the number of patients that were re-randomized at Week 24. 

The primary reasons for study and treatment discontinuation will be also provided.

Study analysis population will be summarized for Part 1 by Part 1 randomization arms; for Part 2 by Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
 
Any discontinuation due to COVID-19 will also be summarized. 

Patient disposition and discontinuation data will be presented in a listing.
5.2	Protocol Deviations
Deviations from the protocol will be recorded in clinical trial management system (CTMS).

Significant/non-significant protocol deviations will be presented in a summary table using counts and percentages by protocol deviation category for the FAS. All protocol deviations will be listed with date of occurrence, deviation category and deviation description.

All protocol deviations from COVID-19 positive patients will be listed with date of occurrence, deviation category and deviation description separately.
5.3	Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria
The details of Inclusion and Exclusion criteria are listed in Section 4.2 and 4.3 of the protocol. For patients who did not satisfy these criteria, the inclusion and exclusion criteria will be listed with the deviation.
6.	Demographics and Baseline Characteristics
6.1	Demographics
The analysis will be based on the FAS1 & FAS2 and the SAF1 & SAF2 for Part 1 and Part 2, respectively.

The demographics and baseline characteristics will be presented in tables using descriptive statistics. The demographic characteristics consist of age (Years), sex, race, ethnicity. The baseline characteristics consist of height (cm), weight (kg) and body mass index (BMI [kg/m2]), disease severity, region, EASI score (IRT and eCRF data), IGA, pruritus NRS, BSA, SCORAD, POEM, DLQI, HADS, ADCT collected at baseline. Descriptive statistics (n, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum) for age, height, weight and BMI at baseline will be calculated overall and by treatment group. The counts and percentages of patients by sex (male, female), ethnicity, race, disease severity (moderate/severe) and region will be calculated overall and by treatment group. Percentages will be based on the total number of patients in each treatment group.
Patient demographic and baseline characteristics will be presented in a listing.
6.2 Medical History
6.2.1 General Medical History
Medical history will be coded using the latest version of Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) Version 22.0 or later. 

The data for medical history will be summarized with counts and percentages of patients overall and by treatment group. Patient general medical history data including specific details will be presented in a listing. The analysis will be based on the FAS1 and the SAF1 for Part 1 and FAS2 for Part 2. 
6.2.2 Disease-Specific History
Duration of AD calculated as time from onset to randomization, disease severity at baseline as determined by EASI and IGA at baseline (both per IRT and eCOA) will be persented in demography and baseline characteristics outputs. 
7.	Treatments and Medications
7.1. Prior and Concomitant Medications
All medications/vaccinations will be coded according to the World Health Organization drug dictionary (WHODRUG Global B3 March 2021 or later).

Prior medications refer to medications that started any time prior to first dose of study treatment or randomization if that is not available regardless of the end date. AD treatments include systemic and non-systemic corticosteroids, systemic and non-systemic calcineurin inhibitors, and systemic and non-systemic treatment for AD or other indications with an immunosuppressive/immunomodulating substance including (but not limited to) dupilumab, JAKi and aIL13 mABs. Treatments given to AD will be collectively analyzed from all applicable eCRF pages: Concomitant Medications, Prior and Current Systemic and Topical Treatments for AD.

Concomitant medications refer to medications started prior to AND continued after the first dose of study treatment or taken any time after the first dose of study treatment up to the follow-up visit.

The prior and concomitant medications will be summarized separately. At each level of summarization, a patient is counted once if he/she reports one or more medications at that level. Drug class will correspond to the Anatomical Therapeutic Classification (ATC) Level 4 term or other AD-specific, WHODRUG-based classification. 

All prior medications will be summarized using counts and percentages.
 
All concomitant medications will be summarized using counts and percentages for the FAS1 and FAS2 for Part1 study and Part 2 study respectively.

The imputation algorithm for partial and missing medication dates is provided in Appendix 15.2.

All prior and concomitant medications will be presented in a listing.
7.2. Permitted Concomitant Medications

Other than the prohibited medications listed in Section 7.3, treatment with concomitant medication is permitted during the study. This includes treatment with oral contraceptives, nasal, otological, intraarticular and inhaled corticosteroids for any duration, and oral or topical antibiotics for up to 2 weeks for AD-associated superficial skin infections.
7.3. Prohibited Concomitant Medications (and Procedures)
Treatment with the following concomitant medications is prohibited during the study:
•	Dupilumab.
•	Topical or systemic tacrolimus and pimecrolimus (exceptions might apply per protocol).
•	Topical or systemic corticosteroids (exceptions might apply per protocol, e.g. topical steroids used for rescue purpose).
•	Leukotriene inhibitors.
•	Allergen immunotherapy.
•	Systemic treatment with an immunosuppressive/immunomodulating substance (including, but not limited to aIL13 mABs, JAKi, aOX40 mAbs, cyclosporine, mycophenolate-mofetil, IFN-γ, azathioprine, methotrexate, or biologics).
•	Treatment with a live (attenuated) immunisation (Note: immunisation with inactivated seasonal influenza vaccine and inactivated adenovirus COVID-19 vaccines is permitted.  COVID-19 vaccines should not be administered within 14 days prior to Baseline or within 14 days immediately prior to, or following, IMP administration.
The following concomitant procedures are prohibited during study participation:
•	Elective surgical procedures.
•	Ultraviolet (UV) procedures (phototherapy [narrowband UVB, UVB, UVA1 or psoralen UVA]).
•	Tanning in a booth/parlour.
•	More than 2 bleach baths per week.

7.4. Rescue Medications
AD rescue therapy is not permitted in the first 14 days following randomisation. Any AD rescue therapy administration either topical or systemic during this period will result in permanent discontinuation from the IMP. Bland emollients are not considered rescue therapy for AD, and should be maintained during this period as per protocol.

If medically unavoidable after Day 14 (ie, to control intolerable AD symptoms), rescue treatment for AD may be provided to study patients at the discretion of the Investigator.  For the purpose of efficacy analysis, patients who receive rescue topical treatment during this study treatment period will be considered treatment failures but can continue study treatment if the rescue treatment consists of topical medications only.  

If topical corticosteroids (TCS) are needed, it is recommended that the investigator start with the least potent TCS for the face (eg, hydrocortisone 2.5% cream/ointment) and moderately potent TCS for the body (eg, triamcinolone acetonide 0.1% cream/ointment), applied up to twice daily. Where the use of moderate potency topical corticosteroids (TCS) is not considered clinically appropriate, low potency TCS or topical calcineurin inhibitors can be used, however, these should be reserved for problem areas only. Topical PDE4 inhibitors are also permitted. 

Patients should use topical rescue therapy only for as long as necessary to control problem areas on a maximum of 2 occasions during study participation, and for a maximum of 2 consecutive weeks on each occasion. 

If a patient receives rescue treatment with high potency TCS, systemic corticosteroids or non-steroidal systemic immunosuppressive drugs (cyclosporine, methotrexate, mycophenolate mofetil, azathioprine, etc) or receives more than 2 episodes of topical rescue treatment, study treatment will be immediately discontinued.  

Investigators should conduct efficacy and safety assessments immediately before administering any rescue treatment. An unscheduled visit may be required. 
 
All patients should complete the schedule of study visits and assessments whether or not they complete study treatment and whether or not they receive rescue treatment for AD.  If a patient has IMP permanently discontinued due to the taking of systemic therapy rescue but consent is retained, study assessments may be continued until Day 169 (Week 24) for patients who discontinue IMP in the first study period, or until Day 365 (Week 52) or the end of the safety follow-up period (whichever is longer) in patients who discontinue IMP after Day 169 (Week 24).

Rescue medication will be coded according to the World Health Organization drug dictionary (Global B3 March 2021 or later). Drug class will correspond to the Anatomical Therapeutic Classification (ATC) Level 4 term or other AD-specific, WHODRUG-based classification.
The data will be summarized using counts and percentages by preferred drug name for each treatment group and overall. At each level of summarization, a patient is counted once if the patient reported more than one medication. The analysis will be based on FAS1 & FAS2 for Part 1 and Part 2, respectively.

A listing of rescue medications will be presented.

A blinded medical review of rescue/prohibited treatments will be implemented before or at the time of each database lock by considering the type of medication, indication, timing, frequency and the potential impact of the use of the prohibited medication or procedure on efficacy. Categorization of medications performed within the frame of this review will be the basis of related intercurrent event determination in line with the estimand strategy in Section 8.

7.5 Study Treatments
7.5.1 Extent of Exposure
Drug exposure is defined as the total number of weeks + 28 days a patient is exposed to study treatment. Duration of exposure (weeks) in Part 1 is derived as (Last dose date in Part 1 - First dose date in Part 1 + 1)/7 + 4 weeks. Duration of exposure (weeks) in Part 2 is derived as (Last dose date in Part 2 - First dose date in Part 2 + 1)/7 + 4 weeks. The duration of exposure and dose will be summarized in a table by treatment group and overall, using descriptive statistics (n, mean, standard deviation, median, minimum, and maximum). The number and percentages of patients for the cumulative duration of exposure will be presented for below categories:  ≥ 4 weeks, ≥ 8 weeks, ≥ 12 weeks, ≥ 16 weeks, ≥ 20 weeks, ≥ 24 weeks (and ≥ 28 weeks for Part 2 study only).
Study treatment administrations will be summarized and listed by treatment group in the main period and transition.

The analysis will be based on SAF1 & SAF2 for Part 1 and Part 2, respectively.
7.5.2 Treatment Compliance and Modifications
The overall compliance by treatment group will be summarized descriptively. For each patient, the compliance will be calculated as the total amount of actual drug administered divided by the  expected number of drug administered which is 2 injections per subject at baseline followed by 1 injection Q4W onwards. 
The compliances will then be classified into one of the following categories: <80%, 80% –<100%,  and ≥100% and will be presented as the number and percentage of patients in each category. Descriptive statistics will be provided for overall compliance, for each treatment group. Percentages will be computed using the number of patients in each treatment group. A summary of each patient’s compliance will be presented in a listing.

The analysis will be based on SAF1 & SAF2 for Part 1 and Part 2, respectively.
8.	Efficacy Analysis
8.1 Analysis of Primary Efficacy Endpoint
The primary efficacy endpoint is the percentage change in EASI from baseline to Day 113 (Week 16).  
The primary analysis will be conducted on the FAS1 after all randomized patients have reached the Day 169 (Week 24) visit/early termination.  

Table 3 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary Endpoint
	Estimand 1 (Primary)	Estimand 2	Estimand 3
Estimand description
(summary below)	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 113 (Week 16) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 113 (Week 16) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medication and prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 113 (Week 16) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, up to IMP discontinuation or up to the initiation of rescue medication and/or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
Treatment conditions of interest	Test: 4 different dose regimens of Anti OX40L Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005). 
Reference: Matching Placebo
Analysis population	FAS
Target population	Adults with moderate-to-severe AD with inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments
Endpoint	Percentage change in EASI from Baseline to Day 113 (Week 16)
Population-Level Summary	Mean difference between each active arm and placebo from analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) with treatment, randomization strata (region, disease severity) as fixed effects, and baseline value as a covariate. The estimated mean difference in percentage change from baseline will be presented with 95% CI	Mean difference between each active arm and placebo from analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) with treatment, randomization strata (region, disease severity) as fixed effects, and baseline value as a covariate. The estimated mean difference in percentage change from baseline will be presented with 95% CI	A mixed-effect model with repeated measures (MMRM) with treatment, randomization strata (region, disease severity), visit, treatment-by-visit interaction, and relevant baseline value. The estimated mean difference in percentage change from baseline will be presented with 95% CI
Intercurrent Event Strategy
IcEv1 
(LoE)	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of study treatment discontinuation (WOCF).	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (while on treatment strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to IMP discontinuation.
IcEv2 
(Discontinue other reasons)	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy but not taking rescue medication or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (while on treatment strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to IMP discontinuation.
IcEv3(Prohibited medication impacting efficacy)
	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of the medication usage (WOCF).	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of RM used.	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (while before medication strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to the initiation of medication.
IcEv4
(Rescue medication)	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16(composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of the medication usage (WOCF).	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of RM used. 	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (while before rescue medication strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to the initiation of rescue medication. 
Missing Data Handling	Multiple imputation (MI) approach will be used to impute missing endpoint value at Week 16, and this multiple imputation will use all patients excluding patients who have taken the prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  and/or rescue medication prior to Week 16 and excluding patients who discontinue due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16.	Multiple imputation (MI) approach will be used to impute missing endpoint value, and this multiple imputation will use all patients.	
Multiple imputation will be performed using the imputation method described in the tipping point analysis section given below (Steps 1, 2 and 5). 
Tipping point analysis
After using the WOCF approach to assign data after rescue medication and/or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy use and to handle missing data for patients who discontinue treatment due to lack of efficacy (as described for the primary analysis), a tipping point analysis will be performed for the primary endpoint with imputed missing Week 16 values as follows:
•	Step 1. Monotone missing pattern will be induced by Markov Chain Monte Carlo 
(MCMC) method using PROC MI, with seed=293874: for patients who have intermediate missing values, the intermediate missing values will be imputed assuming a multivariate normal distribution over observations from all visits. 40 datasets with a monotone missing pattern will be obtained using this method.
•	Step 2. For each of the imputed dataset with monotone missing pattern obtained in Step 1, the remaining missing data will be imputed using the regression method for the monotone- pattern, with seed=293874 with adjustment for covariates including response variable, intervention groups, randomisation strata (region, disease severity), and baseline value of the corresponding endpoint. All available data in the monotone missing pattern data will be used. One imputed dataset will be obtained for each of the imputed dataset at Step 1. So, 40 fully imputed datasets will be obtained altogether.
•	Step 3. The imputed values in each KY1005 dose arm are added by a positive amount d for each imputed data set.
•	Step 4. The imputed values in placebo group are subtracted by a positive amount p for
each imputed data set.
•	Step 5. Change from baseline in endpoint will be analyzed using ANCOVA model same
as the one in primary analysis. Then, the SAS MIANALYZE procedure will be used to
generate statistical inferences by combining results from the 40 analyses using Rubin’s formula.

Step 3 to Step 5 will be repeated iteratively until the p-value for treatment effect of each KY1005 dose arm compared to placebo estimated in Step 5 is >0.05.
Summary of EASI values, absolute and percent change from baseline values at scheduled visits will be provided. Line plots will be provided. Further details please refer to Section 8.3.   

Subgroup analysis of primary endpoint
The primary efficacy endpoint will also be analysed for the pre-specified subgroups as specified in Section 4.4.5. The analyses for the subgroup population will be performed with the primary Estimand (Estimand 1) for the primary endpoint regarding the intercurrent events and missing data handling, and population level summary. In each subgroup, the treatment effects for the primary endpoint will be provided, as well as the corresponding 95% CI. 

Interaction effects will be tested using the ANCOVA model between treatment arms and subgroup factor. The model will include all the covariates in the main statistical model plus the subgroup variable and the subgroup-by-treatment interaction. A p-value for the test of interaction will be provided. 

Forest plot will be provided to present the estimates and the corresponding 95% CI for each subgroup.

Multiplicity control
For the primary endpoint, the overall type I error rate will be controlled using a hierarchical testing procedure across the 4 dose regimens against placebo. The hierarchical testing procedure is a sequential test with a pre-specified order (i.e, from the highest dose to the lowest dose).

8.2 Analysis of Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoints
The key secondary efficacy endpoints for the study are:
•	Percentage change from baseline in EASI at Day 169 (Week 24). 
•	Percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 75) at Days 113 (Week 16) and Day 169 (Week 24). 
•	Percentage of patients with a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Days 113 (Week 16) and Day 169 (Week 24).
•	Proportion of patients with improvement (reduction) of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 with a baseline pruritis NRS of ≥4 from baseline to Days 113 (Week 16) and Day 169 (Week 24). 

Analysis for continuous key secondary endpoint
Below Estimands will be applied to analyze the continuous key secondary endpoint: Percentage change from baseline in EASI at Day 169 (Week 24). Please refer the details in Section 15.1 in Appendices. For analysis approach with multiple imputation, same multiple imputation process described for primary endpoint will be applied for the continuous key secondary endpoint. 
•	Estimand 4a description: The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE, using rescue medications and prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.

The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 1 (Table 3 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary EndpointTable 3, Column 2).
•	Estimand 4b description: The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.

The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 2 (Table 3 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary EndpointTable 3, Column 3).
•	Estimand 4c description: The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, up to IMP discontinuation or up to the initiation of rescue medication and/or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.

The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 3 (Table 3 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Primary EndpointTable 3, Column 4).
Analysis for binary key secondary endpoints

Table 4 Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Binary Key Secondary Endpoint
	Estimand 5a	Estimand 5b
Estimand description
(summary below)	The Proportion of patients with EASI 75 at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The Proportion of patients with EASI 75 at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
Treatment conditions of interest	Test: 4 different dose regimens of Anti OX40L Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005). 
Reference: Matching Placebo
Analysis population	FAS
Target population	Adults with moderate-to-severe AD with inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments
Endpoint	Proportion of patients with EASI 75 at week 16
Population-Level Summary	CMH test stratified by region and disease severity.
Intercurrent Event Strategy
IcEv1 
(LoE)	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv2 
(Discontinue other reasons)	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy but not taking rescue medication or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the key secondary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv3
(Prohibited medication impacting efficacy)	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv4
(Rescue medication)	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders. 	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
Missing Data Handling	Having missing data at Week 16: Patients will be considered as non-responders
•	Estimand 5c description: The Proportion of patients with EASI 75 at Day 169 (Week 24) for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5a (Table 4, Column 1).

•	Estimand 5d description: The Proportion of patients with EASI 75 at Day 169 (Week 24) for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5b (Table 4 Column 2).

•	Estimand 6a description: The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5a (Table 4, Column 1).

•	Estimand 6b description: The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and selected prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5b (Table 4, Column 2).

•	Estimand 6c description: The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 169 (Week 24)  for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5a (Table 4, Column 1).

•	Estimand 6d description: The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 169 (Week 24) for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and selected prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5b (Table 4, Column 2).

•	Estimand 7a description: The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment. 
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5a (Table 4, Column 1).

•	Estimand 7b description: The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and selected prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5b (Table 4, Column 2).
•	Estimand 7c description: The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 169 (Week 24) for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoEin adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment. 
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5a (Table 4Table 4, Column 1).

•	Estimand 7d description: The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 169 (Week 24) for different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation,rescue medications and selected prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
The analysis of the key secondary endpoint and the handling of intercurrent events and missing data will be performed similar to Estimand 5b (Table 4, Column 2).

Summary of binary key secondary efficacy endpoints at scheduled visits will be provided. Bar plots will be provided. Further details please refer to Section 8.3.   

Subgroup analysis of key secondary endpoints
The following key secondary efficacy endpoints will also be analysed for subgroups analysis, using the same subgroups as for primary efficacy endpoint. 
•	Percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 75) at Days 113 (Week 16). 
•	Percentage of patients with a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from baseline of 	≥2 points at Days 113 (Week 16).
The analyses for the subgroup population will be performed using primary Estimand for the corresponding key secondary endpoint (Estimand 5a, 6a respectively). Forest plots will be provided to present the estimates and the corresponding 95% CI for each subgroup.
8.3 Analysis of Other Secondary Efficacy Endpoints
Below are the additional other secondary efficacy endpoints for the study:
•	Absolute change from baseline in EASI at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24).
•	Percentage change from baseline in EASI at Days 15 (Week 2); 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12) and 141 (Week 20).
•	Percentage of patients with at least a 50% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 50) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24).
•	Percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 75) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85(Week 12) and 141 (Week 20).
•	Percentage of patients with at least a 90% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 90) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24).
•	Percentage of patients with a 100% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 100) at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12), 113 (Week 16), 141 (Week 20) and 169 (Week 24).
•	Change in IGA from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Percentage of patients with a response of IGA 0 or 1 and a reduction from Baseline of ≥2 points at Days 15 (Week 2), 29 (Week 4), 57 (Week 8), 85 (Week 12) and 141 (Week 20).
•	Absolute and percentage change in SCORAD Index from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in affected BSA from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in POEM from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in DLQI from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in ADCT from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in HADS from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time.
•	Absolute and Percentage change in weekly average of pruritus NRS from baseline to Day 169 (Week 24) and over time. 
•	Proportion of patients with improvement (reduction) of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥3 with a baseline pruritis NRS of ≥3 from baseline to Days 113 (Week 16) and 169 (Week 24).
•	Time to loss of EASI 75 in patients randomized to withdrawal post-Week 24.
•	Time to loss of IGA 0/1 in patients randomized to withdrawal post-Week 24.
•	Time to loss of EASI 50 in patients randomized to withdrawal post-Week 24.

The analysis of the additional secondary endpoints analysis will be performed using the FAS set. 

Analysis of other continuous secondary endpoints
 For each of the other continuous secondary endpoint, the following by visit summary tables will be provided. 
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit up to Week 24 with data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use is set to missing and imputed as the worst post-baseline value (WOCF) on or before the time of the medication usage. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is imputed by WOCF approach. Mean difference with 95% CI and p-value will be provided.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit up to Week 24 including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and selected prohibited medications/procedures use impacting efficacy use.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visits from Week 24 onwards, with data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use is set to missing and imputed as the worst post-baseline value (WOCF) on or before the time of the medication usage. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is imputed by WOCF approach. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visits from baseline to Week 52, with data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use is set to missing and imputed as the worst post-baseline value (WOCF) on or before the time of the medication usage. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is imputed by WOCF approach. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from Week 24 onwards, including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from baseline up to Week 52, including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.


For EASI endpoint only, the additional below 2 by-visit summaries will be provided:
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit up to Week 24 excluding the observations following early treatment discontinuation due to any reason, excluding the observations post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from Week 24 onwards excluding the observations following early treatment discontinuation due to any reason, excluding the observations post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from baseline up to week 52 excluding the observations following early treatment discontinuation due to any reason, excluding the observations post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.


For each of the other continuous secondary endpoint, the following line plots will be provided:
•	Line plot will be provided including scheduled visits up to Week 24 using the LSMEAN estimation from the above by visit summary table.
•	Line plot will be provided including scheduled visits from Week 24 up to Week 52 among patients in Part 2 using the mean change (or percent change) estimation from the above by visit summary table including WOCF approach. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. The line plot will be presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms. 
•	Line plot will be provided including scheduled visits from baseline up to Week 52 among patients in Part 2 using the mean change (or percent change) estimation from the above by visit summary table including WOCF approach. The change value (or percent change value) is calculated using Week 0 baseline value. The line plot will be presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms .



Analysis of other categorical secondary endpoints
For each of the other categorical secondary endpoints, the following by visit summary tables will be provided. 
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit up to Week 24 with data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use is considered as non-responder. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is considered as non-responder. Proportion difference with 95% CI and p-value will be provided.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit up to Week 24 including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visits from Week 24 onwards, using data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficcfficacy is considered as non-responder. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visits from Week 24 onwards, using data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy that started in Part 2 is considered as non-responder. The data of patients who had rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use in Part 1 will not be imputed as non-responder in the Part 2 analysis. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is considered as non-responder. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visits from baseline to Week 52, using data collected after treatment discontinuation due to other reasons (except lack of efficacy) included; data post rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use is considered as non-responder. Data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy is considered as non-responder. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from Week 24 onwards, including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Summary table at each scheduled visit from baseline to Week 52, including all observations regardless of treatment discontinuation, and regardless of rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use. Summary is presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	A summary of percentage of patients with at least a 75% reduction from baseline in EASI (EASI 75) and percentage of patients with response of IGA 0  or 1 will be presented from Week 24 to Week 52 by Part 1 rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use (yes or no).

For each of the other categorical secondary endpoint, the following line plots will be provided:
•	Bar plot will be provided including scheduled visits up to Week 24 with data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy, post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use considered as non-responders.
•	Bar plot will be provided including scheduled visits from Week 24 onwards, with data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy, post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use considered as non-responders. It will be presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Bar plot will be provided including scheduled visits from Week 24 onwards, with data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy, post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy that started in Part 2 is considered as non-responders. The data of patients who had rescue medications and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use in Part 1 will not be imputed as non-responder in the Part 2 analysis.   It will be presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms.
•	Bar plot will be provided including scheduled visits from baseline to Week 52 for patients in Part 2, with data post treatment discontinuation due to lack of efficacy, post rescue medication and/or prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy use considered as non-responders. It will be presented using Week 24 re-randomization treatment arms

Analysis of time to event other secondary endpoints
Time to loss of EASI 75, IGA 0/1, and EASI 50 in patients who re-randomized to Part 2 will be summarized. Kaplan-Meier curves will be presented by the re-randomized treatment groups. When with reasonable number of patients entering each treatment arm during Part 2, two-sided log-rank test (based on stratification factors) and the corresponding p-value might be provided to compare the active treatment group vs corresponding withdrawal placebo arm. Off study treatment data up to Week 52 will be included in the analysis (treatment policy) for patients who discontinued study treatment before Week 52. The analyses of time to loss will be right censored at the time of taking rescue medications and/or selected prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy, or by the time of study discontinuation/completion, whichever is earlier. If applicable, the Kaplan-Meier estimates for the median time, the first and third quartiles might be presented along with approximate 95% CI’s. 
8.4 Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints 
The exploratory efficacy endpoints for this study are:
•	Change in soluble protein blood biomarkers of AD from baseline.
•	Change in cutaneous features of AD, such as but not limited to epidermal thickness and the immune cell markers OX40, OX40L, GATA3 and CD3 from baseline. 
•	Assessment of gene expression between non-lesional and lesional skin at baseline and change in global cutaneous gene expression from baseline.
•	Change in global whole blood gene expression from baseline.
•	Change in total IgE.

The detailed information will be provided in a separate SAP document for the Biomarker Analysis.
9.	Safety Analysis
Safety will be assessed through the collection and evaluation of AEs, including TEAEs and SAEs, AESIs, clinical laboratory assessments, physical examinations, vital sign measurements, and ECGs. All the analysis will be based on SAF1 & SAF2 for Part 1 and Part 2, respectively.
9.1 Adverse Events
The ICH E6(R2) Good Clinical Practice Guideline defines an AE as any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or clinical investigation patient administered a pharmaceutical product, which does not necessarily have to have a causal relationship with this treatment. An AE can, therefore, be any unfavourable and unintended sign (including an abnormal laboratory finding), symptom or disease temporally associated with the use of a medicinal (investigational) product, whether or not considered related to the medicinal (investigational) product. 

Pre-treatment AE, treatment-emergent AE, post-treatment AE definition

The pre-treatment period is defined as the period up to first IMP administration.
The treatment-emergent (TE) period is defined as the period from the first IMP administration to the last IMP administration + 140 days.
The post-treatment period is defined as the period from the end of the treatment-emergent period onwards. 

The AEs will be analyzed in the following 3 categories:
Pre-treatment AEs: AEs that developed, worsened, or became serious during the pre-treatment period.
TEAEs: AEs that developed, worsened or became serious during the treatment-emergent period; 
Post-treatment AEs: AEs that developed, worsened, or became serious during the post-treatment period.

Adverse events will be analyzed as following:
1.	Pre-treatment AEs summary: include pre-treatment AEs from on or after screening date to before date of first IMP.
2.	TEAEs summary up to Week 24 (Treatment Period 1): TEAEs during the period on or after 1st IMP and up to Week 24 visit or with a start date no more than 140 days after last administration of IMP in case of early treatment discontinuation in part 1.
3.	TEAEs summary from Week 24 onwards (Treatment Period 2): TEAEs during the period from 1st IMP or rerandomization, that is, 1st IMP or rerandomization <= start date of AE <= Date of last IMP after re-randomization + 140 days; 
4.	Overall TEAEs summary (Overall Treatment Period): Date of First IMP <= start date of AE<= Date of last IMP + 140 days; 
5.	Post-treatment AEs summary: include post-treatment AEs that occur >=140 days after last IMP.

The incidence of any AEs, TEAEs and serious TEAEs tables will include only one occurrence of a PT per patient. If a patient reports the same PT multiple times, then that PT will only be incremented by one since patient counts will be presented. As with the PT, if a patient reports multiple AEs within the same SOC, then that SOC will only be incremented by one since patient counts will be presented. For tables showing incidence by SOC, PT and severity, SOC will be sorted Internationally Agreed Order. Within each SOC, PTs will be sorted in descending order of frequency on total of all treatment groups.
All AEs in the clinical trial database will be coded according to MedDRA, which will be used to summarise AEs by primary High Level Group Term (HLGT), High Level Term (HLT), System Organ Class (SOC) and Preferred Term (PT).  All AEs, TEAEs and serious TEAEs tables will be displayed in listings.
 
9.1.1 Incidence of Adverse Events

An overall summary of AEs including the counts and percentages of patients will be presented by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group for the study periods mentioned in Section 9.1:
•	Any AE
•	Any SAE
•	At least 1 TEAE
•	Any related TEAE
•	Any severe TEAE
•	Any Treatment Emergent SAE
•	Any SAE Related to Study Treatment
•	Any AE Leading to Treatment Discontinuation 
•	Any AE Leading to Study Discontinuation
•	Any AE Leading to Death
•	Any AESI
 
Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients of Pre-treatment Adverse Events by SOC and PT
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients of Post-treatment Adverse Events by SOC and PT
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by HLGT, HLT, SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by HLGT, HLT, SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAE by HLGT, HLT, SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
•	SOC Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence >=5% from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence >=5% from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence >=5% from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients of TEAEs by PT with total incidence from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
•	Incidence Rate per Patient Year Exposed from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Incidence Rate per Patient Year Exposed from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Incidence Rate per Patient Year Exposed from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68
All AEs and TEAEs will be presented in a listing.
A separate listing will be presented for Pre-treatment AEs (with details of Severity, Seriousness, first dose date, last dose date, if leading to study discontinuation, if leading to death, relative day of AE)  and Post-treatment AEs(with details of Severity, Seriousness, first dose date, last dose date, if leading to study discontinuation, if leading to death, relative day of AE) .
9.1.2. Serious Adverse Events 
Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients for all study periods mentioned in Section 9.1:
•	Number (%) of Patients with Serious TEAEs by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with Serious TEAEs by SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with Serious TEAEs by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
All SAEs will be presented in a listing.
A listing of SAEs for screen failures will be presented. 
9.1.3 Relationship of Adverse Events to Study Drug

Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Relationship from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Relationship from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Relationship from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 

The relationships will be collected as the possibility that study drug caused the event i.e. the relationships are “Not Related”, “Related”. 
9.1.4. Severity of Adverse Event

The severity of the AE will be graded based on the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) as Grade 1, Grade 2, Grade 3. In the TEAE severity table, if a patient reported multiple occurrences of the same AE, only the most severe AE will be presented. AEs with missing severity will be presented on tables as “Unknown” but will be presented in the data listing with a missing severity.

Adverse events will be classified by the Investigator according to the following criteria: 
•	Mild (Grade 1 Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE]): Asymptomatic or mild symptoms; clinical or diagnostic observations only; intervention not indicated.
•	Moderate (Grade 2 CTCAE): Minimal, local or noninvasive intervention indicated; limiting age-appropriate instrumental Activities of Daily Living (ADL). Instrumental ADL refers to preparing meals, shopping for groceries or clothes, using the telephone, managing money, etc.
•	Severe (≥ Grade 3 CTCAE): Severe or medically significant but not immediately life threatening; hospitalization or prolongation of hospitalization indicated; disabling, limiting self care ADL. Self care ADL refers to bathing, dressing and undressing, feeding self, using the toilet, taking medications, and not bedridden. Life-threatening consequences; urgent intervention indicated; Death related to AE.
Changes in the severity of an AE should be documented to allow an assessment of the duration of the event at each level of severity to be performed. Adverse events characterized as intermittent require documentation of onset and duration of each episode.

Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Severity from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Severity from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs by SOC, PT and Severity from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
9.1.5. Adverse Events Leading to Treatment Discontinuation and/ or Study Discontinuation
Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Treatment Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Treatment Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Treatment Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 based 
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Study Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Study Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Study Discontinuation by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 

All AEs leading to study drug discontinuation and study discontinuation will be listed by patients.
9.1.6. AE leading to Death
Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Death by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Death by SOC and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with TEAEs leading to Death by SOC and PT from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with Post-Study Adverse Events leading to Death by SOC and PT 
AEs leading to death will be listed by patients.
9.1.7. Adverse Event of Special Interest (AESI)
Below summary tables will be provided by KY1005 treatment regimen and in the Placebo group using count and percentages of patients:
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category and PT from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category and PT from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 
•	Post-treatment AESI by AESI category and PT
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category, PT and Severity from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category, PT and Severity from Week 24 up to Week 68
•	Number (%) of Patients with AESI by AESI category, PT and Severity from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 68 

The safety follow-up period following early discontinuation will be considered for the period when the discontinuation occurred in terms of identifying AEs that started in it.

The following AEs are considered as AESIs: 
•	Systemic or localised allergic reactions that require immediate treatment
•	Severe injection site reactions that last longer than 24 hours. 
•	Any severe or opportunistic viral, bacterial or fungal infection and/or any uncommon, unanticipated or persistent infection (viral, parasitic, bacterial, or fungal).
•	Any malignancy.
•	Increase in alanine transaminase (ALT) >3 × upper limit of normal (ULN); see the “Increase in ALT” flow chart in Section 17.12 (Appendix 12) of the protocol.
The special situations of:
•	Symptomatic overdose (serious or non-serious) with IMP (overdose is defined as any administration that is twice or more than the intended dose administered in less than 3 weeks [21 days]) and symptomatic is defined as the event reported by the patient and/or the investigator.
•	Pregnancy - discussed separately in Section 8.3 of the protocol.

All AESI will be presented in a listing
9.2 Clinical Laboratory Evaluations
All clinical laboratory summaries will be based on central laboratory data using the conventional units provided by the central laboratory. However, in listings results with both conventional and standard units will be provided.

Descriptive statistics for central laboratory safety parameters including absolute values and change from baseline values will be summarised with n, mean, SD, median, minimum and maximum values by treatment regime and by respective visits and timepoint if applicable. 

Analysis of potentially clinically significant abnormality (PCSA) will be performed based on the PCSA criteria. For parameters for which no PCSA criteria are defined, similar analyses will be done using the normal range, if applicable.  Analyses according to PCSA will be performed based on the worst value during the treatment emergent period, using all measurements (either local or central, either scheduled, nonscheduled or repeated). 

 For laboratory variables, vital signs and ECG variables, the incidence of patients with at least one PCSA during the treatment-emergent period including unscheduled, early termination or safety follow-up visits will be summarized regardless of the baseline level and according to the following baseline status categories: 

• Normal/missing 
• Abnormal according to PCSA criterion or criteria;

Changes in central laboratory data will also be summarized using shift tables from baseline to the worst toxicity grade. 
Laboratory data collected at all visits including unscheduled, early termination or safety follow-up visits will be included in listings and will contribute to tables of shifts from baseline and in tables showing change from baseline grade to the worst toxicity grade. Unscheduled laboratory results will not be windowed for the purposes of assigning a nominal visit. 
All vital sign, physical examination and ECG data including unscheduled, early termination or safety follow-up visits are mapped to analysis visits and are included in the summary.
9.2.1. Haematology
The following laboratory tests will be included in haematology summary tables:  WBCC and differentials, RBCC, RDW, Hb, HCT, nucleated red blood cells, platelet count, MCH, MCHC, MCV and MPV. All hematology data will be presented by patient in a listing.
9.2.2. Serum Chemistry
The following laboratory tests will be included in clinical chemistry summary tables : albumin, sodium, potassium, chloride, bicarbonate, urea, creatinine, glucose, calcium, phosphate, ALT, AST, GGT, LDH, alkaline phosphatase, total protein, iron, total bilirubin and CPK. All chemistry data by patient will be presented in a listing. 
9.2.3 Urinalysis
The following urinalysis laboratory tests will be included in summary tables: pH, protein, glucose, ketones and blood. All data by patient will be presented in a listing.
9.3. Vital Sign Measurements
Vital signs parameters include systolic blood pressure (mmHg), diastolic blood pressure (mmHg), temperature (°C/F), and heart rate (beats/min). Summary tables by treatment group presenting observed values and changes from baseline at each scheduled post-baseline visit will be presented for vital signs  by treatment group and overall. Change from baseline will only be calculated for patients having non-missing baseline and post-baseline measurements.

The incidence of PCSA in vital sign will be summarized using counts and percentages of patients by treatment groups and also will be summarized using shift tables from baseline to follow-up visits. 

All vital sign data by patient will be presented in a listing. PCSA criteria will be flagged in the listing.
9.4. Physical Examination
A table will summarize physical examination results presenting counts and percentages by treatment group and overall. The incidence of clinically significant changes in physical examinations will be summarized using counts and percentages of patients with the body system as normal, abnormal not clinically significant or abnormal clinically significant. Physical examination results for all patients will be presented in a listing.
9.5. 12-lead ECG
12-lead ECG parameters include normal sinus rhythm, ventricular rate (beats/min), PR interval (msec), QRS duration (msec), QT interval (msec), QTcF interval (msec) and QTcB interval (msec). The QTcB and QTcF will be derived using the following formula:

	 

Absolute values and change from baseline to each scheduled post-baseline visit in ECG continuous variables will be summarized with n, mean, SD, standard error of the mean (SEM), median, minimum and maximum values by treatment group and overall. Change from baseline will only be calculated for patients having non-missing baseline and post-baseline measurements.

The number (n) and percentage (%) of patients with treatment-emergent PCSA will be summarized by different treatment groups using count and percentages of patients.

Changes in ECG data will also be summarized using shift tables .

Data listings by patient will be provided. PCSA criteria will be flagged in the listing. 
9.6. Local Skin Reactions
Descriptive statistics (for diameter of erythema and induration will be provided overall and by treatment group. The counts and percentages of patients with pain, itchiness, and tenderness will be provided. All injection site reaction data by patient will be presented in a listing
9.7. Virology
Positive samples for HIV, HBsAg, HBcAb, HBV DNA (for Japan) and hepatitis C at the Screening Visit will be listed by patient.
9.8. Other Analysis
The impact of the COVID-19 will be summarized by study treatment group and overall. The table will present the counts and percentages of patients for the following categories:
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 up to Baseline (Week 0) 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study discontinuation from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study discontinuation from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study discontinuation from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study drug discontinuation from Baseline (Week 0) up to Week 24
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study drug discontinuation from Week 24 up to Week 68 
•	Number (%) of Patients with COVID-19 leading to study drug discontinuation from Baseline (Week 0) to Week 68 

           
All COVID-19 infection data by patient will be presented in a listing. A Separate listing will be prepared for listing COVID-19 infection data leading to study discontinuation, leading to study drug discontinuation.
10.	Pharmacokinetics
All PK listings and individual concentration-time profiles will be presented using the SAF set. PK tables, mean figures and all statistical analyses will be presented using the PK set. 

Population pharmacokinetic analysis will be to be conducted per separate analysis plan and reported separately.
10.1. Data Handling
Serum concentrations that are below the limit of quantification (BLQ) will be treated as zero for calculation of concentration descriptive statistics.
10.2. Serum Concentrations
Blood samples will be collected at the following time points for PK assessment:

Predose (Day 1), Day 8, Day 15, Day 29, Day 57, Day 85, Day 113, Day 120, Day 141, Day 169, Day 176, Day 197, Day 225, Day 253, Day 281, Day 309, Day 337, and Day 365.

PK collections that have an actual sampling time that deviates from the predefined collection time window (± 3 days) or that are collected post-dose (except at Day 8, Day 15, Day 120 and D176) will be flagged in the data listings and excluded from the calculation of concentration summary statistics. In addition, when patients withdraw from the treatment earlier and still have PC collection at one or more later visits, the pre-dose PC data collected from 25 to 31 days post last dose (ie, corresponding to the time window of the next scheduled administration) are still included in the analysis.

Individual serum concentrations will be expressed in µg/mL and will be presented in data listings and summarized separately using descriptive statistics (number of observations, arithmetic mean, SD, CV%, median, minimum, and maximum) by treatment group and visit weeks. Serum concentration summaries will also be presented by ADA status (e.g. ADA positive, ADA negative), where data permit. 

Individual serum concentrations will be plotted by actual time on linear scale. Mean serum concentrations will be plotted by treatment and visit weeks on linear scale with all dose levels overlaid on the same plots. Mean serum concentration plots will also be presented by ADA status (e.g. ADA positive, ADA negative), where data permit. 

Serum concentrations will be reported to 3 significant figures in summary statistics except CV%, which will be reported to 1 decimal place.
10.3. Immunogenicity 
All the analysis will be performed using Anti-drug Antibody Sets.

Patient’s ADA status, response variable and kinetics of ADA responses (see definitions below) will be summarized on the ADA population.

Kinetics of ADA responses will be described for patients with treatment-induced ADA and for patients with treatment-boosted ADA, separately. Time to ADA onset and duration of ADA will be described with minimum, Q1, median, Q3 and maximum statistics.
Peak titer will be described with minimum, Q1, median, Q3 and maximum statistics for patients with treatment-induced ADA and for patients with treatment-boosted ADA, separately.

Sample status (negative, positive, inconclusive) will be described using descriptive statistics. 

The impact of positive immune response on efficacy, PK and safety variables may be further explored, depending on ADA incidence.

Patient’s ADA status
•	Patients with pre-existing ADAs correspond to patients with ADAs present in samples drawn before first administration of intervention. Patients with missing ADA sample at baseline will be considered as without pre-existing ADA.
•	Patients with treatment-emergent ADA correspond to patients with at least one treatment-induced/boosted ADA.
•	Patients with treatment-induced ADAs correspond to patients with ADAs that developed during the treatment-emergent (TE) period and without pre-existing ADA (including patients without pre-treatment samples).
•	Patients with treatment-boosted ADAs correspond to patients with pre-existing ADAs that are boosted during the TE period to a significant higher titer than the baseline. A 2-fold serial dilution schema is used during titration, so at least a 4-fold increase will be considered as significant.
•	Patients with unclassified ADA correspond to patients with pre-existing ADAs that cannot be classified as treatment-boosted ADA because of missing titer(s) (ie, a positive ADA sample during the TE period in a patient with pre-existing ADA but with missing titer at this sample or at baseline).
•	Patients without treatment-emergent ADA correspond to patients without treatment-induced/boosted ADA and without any inconclusive sample nor unclassified ADA during the TE period.
•	Patients with inconclusive ADA are defined as patients which cannot irrefutably be classified as with or without treatment-emergent ADA.
Kinetics of ADA response
Kinetics of ADA response will be derived for patients with treatment-induced/boosted ADA considering ADA samples collected during the TE period and post-treatment period.
•	Time to onset of ADA response is defined as the time period between the first IMP administration and the first treatment-induced/boosted ADA. 
•	Duration of ADA response is defined as the time between the first treatment-induced/ boosted ADA and the last treatment-induced/boosted ADA, irrespective of negative samples or positive samples not reaching the boosted threshold in-between. ADA duration will be summarized only for patients with persistent ADA response. 
•	Persistent ADA response is defined by treatment-induced/boosted ADA with a duration of ADA response of at least 16 weeks. 
•	Transient ADA response is defined by treatment-induced/boosted ADA with a duration of ADA response of less than 16 weeks and the last sample of the TE period is not treatment-induced/boosted. 
•	Indeterminate ADA response is defined by treatment-induced/boosted ADA that are neither persistent nor transient.

ADA response variable:
•	ADA incidence is defined as the proportion of patients found to have seroconverted (treatment-induced ADAs) or boosted their pre-existing ADA response (treatment-boosted ADAs) at any time point during the TE period.
10.4. Serum Pharmacokinetic Parameters
         Not applicable.
10.5. Pharmacokinetic Statistical Analysis

Not applicable. 
11. Pharmacodynamics
A Separate SAP Document will provide detailed information.
12. Interim Analysis
An interim analysis will be performed when approximately 41 patients in each arm complete the Week 16 assessments accounting for “no dropouts”.

The IA data cut-off date will be defined as the date when approximately 41 participants in each of the 5 treatment arms (500 mg loading dose + 250 mg Q4W, 250 mg Q4W, 125 mg Q4W, 62.5 mg Q4W and Placebo Q4W) have completed 16 weeks of treatment in the study.

For Interim Analysis, the interim analysis subject list will be based on the analysis population consisting of 2 sets of patients: (1) the randomized patients who complete the Week 16 visit; (2) the randomized patients who discontinue study before Week 16, but were randomized in the study early enough that the patients could have completed Week 16 visit by IA data cut-off date if not early discontinued. The cutoff date chosen along with these selection criteria ensures the 41 evaluable patients per arm are contained in the interim analysis subject list, also adjusted for a 20 percent dropout rate (258 subjects).  

The below analysis sets will only be used for the Interim Analysis and will contain subjects from the respective analysis sets defined in Section 4.3 who are also in the interim analysis subject list:
•	IA-Full Analysis Set for Part 1
•	IA-Full Analysis Set for Part 2
•	IA-Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 1
•	IA-Pharmacokinetic Set for Part 2
•	IA-Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 1
•	IA-Anti-drug Antibody Set for Part 2

The above analysis sets will be used for summaries of demographics and baseline characteristics, medical history, rescue medication and prior/concomitant medications and procedures, efficacy analyses, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity. For the other analyses, the patients included in the analysis will correspond to the already defined analysis set, such as SAF1, SAF2, etc by the date of interim analysis data cut-off. For disposition, all patients enrolled by IA data cut-off date will be summarized. 

For the interim analysis, the below parameters will be evaluated:
•	Disposition of Patients 
•	Demographics and Baseline Characteristics
•	Disease-Specific History, Medical history
•	Prior & Concomitant Medications and procedures
•	Rescue Medication
•	Efficacy parameters, e.g. including but not limited to EASI, IGA, NRS etc
•	Drug exposure
•	Adverse events
•	Laboratory values, ECG, Vital signs, Physical examination, Local Skin Reactions,Biomarkers (IgE, IL13, IL17A, IL22 and TARC)
•	Pharmacokinetics
•	Immunogenicity

No alpha will be spent on the interim analysis as the analysis results will not make an early claim on the treatment effect of KY1005 for efficacy endpoints and the study will continue unchanged irrespective of the interim analysis results. The full alpha will be spent on the primary analysis for this dose-finding study. Statistical analysis as detailed in above sections of the SAP will be included as per requirement.

In order to maintain the further double-blinded conduct of the study, the Study Team will be kept blinded on the individual patient's treatment group assignment. There will be two separate teams at PPD for the analysis of the data. The blinded team will be performing the analyses with the dummy treatment assignment. The unblinded statistician team will be performing the analyses with the actual treatment assignment. Both the teams will be working in a separate study folder. Also, the blinded team will not have any access to the unblinded team study folders. 

13. Final Analysis

The Final Analysis will be split into two phases, with an analysis performed once all subjects finish Week 52 visit i.e. Part 2 of the trial: Week 52 Analysis; and a second one once all subjects finish Week 68 i.e. Safety Follow-up period of Part 2: Week 68 analysis.
 
13. Changes in the Planned Analysis

Protocol	SAP	Rationale
Multiplicity control approach is planned for each of the primary endpoint and secondary endpoint across multiplicity dose regimens against placebo. There were no multiplicity control planned across different endpoints. 	For the primary endpoint, the overall type I error rate will be controlled using a hierarchical testing procedure across the 4 dose regimens against placebo. No multiplicity controlled planned for secondary endpoints.	The change is made to ensure strong control of the study family wise overall Type I error rate. The changed is made before study interim analysis and before study unblinding.
IcEv3 (Prohibited RM): Use of prohibited systemic concomitant medication or procedure as rescue purpose related to efficacy	IcEv3 (Prohibited RM): Use of prohibited concomitant medication or procedure as rescue purpose related to efficacy	The change is made to ensure that this IcEv covers all prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy, which are not considered as rescue medications. 
IcEv4 (Allowed RM): Use of allowed rescue medication (RM)	IcEv4 (Rescue medication): Use of rescue medication (RM)	Removal of ‘allowed’ from ‘allowed rescue medication’ to be in line with the principle of rescue medications usage during the study.

14. References
•	KY1005/SAR445229-KY1005-CT05/DRI17366 Protocol Version 1.0, 01MAR2022 Amendment number: 08
 
15. Appendices
15.1. Secondary Estimands and Strategies

Table 5 Secondary Estimands and Strategies for Managing Intercurrent Events for Key Secondary Endpoints
	Estimand 4a	Estimand 4b	Estimand 4c
Estimand description
(summary below)	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation,rescue medication and prohibited medications/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The mean difference in percentage change from baseline in EASI to Day 169 (Week 24) of 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, up to IMP discontinuation or up to the initiation of rescue medication and/or prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
Treatment conditions of interest	Test: 4 different dose regimens of Anti OX40L Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005). 
Reference: Matching Placebo
Analysis population	FAS
Target population	Adults with moderate-to-severe AD with inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments
Endpoint	Percentage change in EASI from Baseline to Day 169 (Week 24)
Population-Level Summary	Mean difference between each active arm and placebo from analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) with treatment, randomization strata (region, disease severity) as fixed effects, and baseline value as a covariate.	Mean difference between each active arm and placebo from analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) with treatment, randomization strata (region, disease severity) as fixed effects, and baseline value as a covariate.	A mixed-effect model with repeated measures (MMRM) with treatment, randomisation strata (region, disease severity), visit, treatment-by-visit interaction, and relevant baseline value.
Intercurrent Event Strategy
IcEv1 
(LoE)	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 24 (composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of study treatment discontinuation (WOCF);	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 24 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation;	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 24 (while on treatment strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to IMP discontinuation;
IcEv2 
(Discontinue other reasons)	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy but not taking rescue medication/ prohibited medication or procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 24 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation;	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 24 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation;	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 24 (while on treatment strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to IMP discontinuation;
IcEv3
(Prohibited medication impacting efficacy)	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 24 (composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of the medication usage (WOCF).	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 24 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of RM used.	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  prior to Week 24 (while before medication strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to the initiation of medication.
IcEv4
(Rescue medication)	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 24(composite variable strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments as the worst post-baseline value on or before the time of the medication usage (WOCF).	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 24 (treatment policy strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of RM used. 	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 24 (while before rescue medication strategy), the primary endpoint will be assessed based on assessments up to the initiation of rescue medication. 
Missing Data Handling	Multiple imputation (MI) approach will be used to impute missing endpoint value at Week 24, and this multiple imputation will use all patients excluding patients who have taken the prohibited medication/  procedure impacting efficacy and/or rescue medications prior to Week 24 and excluding patients who discontinue due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 24.	Multiple imputation (MI) approach will be used to impute missing endpoint value, and this multiple imputation will use all patients	

	Estimand 6a	Estimand 6b	Estimand 7a	Estimand 7b
Estimand description
(summary below)	The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of discontinuation of IMP due to reasons other than LoE in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.	The Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Day 113 (Week 16) for 4 different KY1005 dosing regimens compared to placebo, irrespective of IMP discontinuation, rescue medications and prohibited medications/procedures impacting efficacy used, in adult patients with moderate to severe AD who have had inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatment.
Treatment conditions of interest	Test: 4 different dose regimens of Anti OX40L Monoclonal Antibody (KY1005). 
Reference: Matching Placebo
Analysis population	FAS
Target population	Adults with moderate-to-severe AD with inadequate response to topical treatments or inadvisability of topical treatments
Endpoint	Proportion of patients with IGA 0/1 and a reduction from baseline of ≥2 points at Week 16	Proportion of patients with improvement of weekly average of pruritus NRS ≥4 from baseline at Week 16
Population-Level Summary	CMH test stratified by region and disease severity.
Intercurrent Event Strategy
IcEv1 
(LoE)	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	IMP discontinuation due to lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv2 
(Discontinue other reasons)	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy but not taking rescue medication/ prohibited medication or procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the key secondary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy), the key secondary endpoint will be assessed based on all assessments irrespective of the IMP discontinuation.	IMP discontinuation due to reasons other than lack of efficacy prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv3
(Prohibited medication impacting efficacy)	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders.	Use of prohibited medication/procedure impacting efficacy  prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
IcEv4
(Rescue medication)	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders. 	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (composite variable strategy), patients will be considered as non-responders. 	Use of rescue medication prior to Week 16 (treatment policy strategy).
Missing Data Handling	Having missing data at Week 16: Patients will be considered as non-responders

 
15.2. Imputation Algorithm for Partial and Missing Dates and Time
Medications and Procedures

Impute partial/missing start date with earliest possible date, and end date with latest possible date.

If start date is completely missing in which the day, month, and year are all unknown, then the start date will not be imputed.

For the partial start date,
•	If the year is present and the month and day are missing, set month and day to January 1st.
•	If the year and month are present and the day is missing and year and month are equal to year and month of first dose, set day to the first dose day. 
•	If the year and month are present and the day is missing and year and month are not equal to year and month of first dose, set to 1st day of month.

If the end date is completely missing, in which the day, month, and year are all unknown, then the end date will not be imputed.

For the partial end date,
•	If the year is present and the month and day are missing, set month and day to December 31st.
•	If the year and month are present and the day is missing, set day to last day of the month.

Medications/Procedures with both missing start and end date after imputation will be considered as concomitant.

Adverse Event 
If onset date is completely missing, onset date is set to date of first dose.

If year is present and month and day are missing:
If year = year of first dose, then set month and day to month and day of first dose
	If year < year of first dose, then set month and day to December 31st.
	If year > year of first dose, then set month and day to January 1st.

If month and year are present and day is missing:
	If year = year of first dose and
	If month = month of first dose then set day to day of first dose
	If month < month of first dose then set day to last day of month
	If month > month of first dose then set day to first day of month
	If year < year of first dose then set day to last day of month
	If year > year of first dose then set day to first day of month
 
For AEs with completely missing onset date and end date; and for AEs with completely missing onset date and the end date is on or after the first dose of study drug will considered TEAE.
 
15.3. Schedule of Study Procedures
Table 6   Schedule of Assessments Screening to Day 113(Week 16)

Visit	1	2b
3	4	5	6a
7a
8a
9a
ET#

Visit days	 29 to  8	-7 to 1	1	8	15	22	29	57	85	113	 
Visit weeks	 4 to  1	- 1	0	1	2	3	4	8	12	16	 
Visit window (days)	0	0	0	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3	-
	Screening	Baseline	Treatment	
Description	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	TelephonemError! Reference source not found.
Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	 Clinic
Informed consent	X										
Demographics	X										
Medical history	X										
Concomitant medications - including emollients	X		Xa 
X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
AEs (including SAEs)	<=========================================================================>	X
Inclusion/exclusion criteria 	X		X								
Physical examination 	X		X		X		X	X	X	X	X
Body weight and height (height at Screening only)	X		X							X	X
Vital signsc
X		X				X	X	X	X	X
12 lead ECG	X		X					X		X	X
EASI	X		X		X		X	X	X	X	X
BSA	X		X		X		X	X	X	X	X
IGA	X		X		X		X	X	X	X	X
SCORAD Indexi
X		X				X	X	X	X	X
DLQIi
		X		X			X		X	X
ADCTi
		X							X	X
HADSi
		X					X		X	X
Blood samples for virology (HIV, Hepatitis B and C) and TB (QuantiFERON®-TB Gold blood test)Error! Reference source not found.
X		 								
Safety tests (FBC, non fasting biochemistry, electrolytes, urinalysis), FSH for post menopausal women at Screening	Xk
	X				X	X	X	X	X
Pregnancy test – females only (serum at Screening, urine thereafter)e 
X		X				X	X	X	X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of KY1005 (PK)a 
		Xa
X	X		X	X	X	X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of ADAsd
		X		X		X			X	X
Blood samples for total IgE/soluble protein analysis			X				X			X	X
POEMi
		X				X	X	X	X	X
NRS (pruritus) – internet enabled deviceg
	XhError! Reference source not found.
X	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→
Contact IRT	X		X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
RandomisationiError! Reference source not found.
		X								
IMP administration and check of local skin reactionj,o
		X				X	X	X	X	

SPECIFIC study Assessments for which an ADDITIONAL Patient Consent is Required:
Visit	1	2bError! Reference source not found.
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
Visit days	 29 to  8	-7 to 1	1	8	15	22	29	57	85	113
Visit weeks	 4 to  1	- 1	0	1	2	3	4	8	12	16
Visit window (days)	0	0	0	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3	±3
	Screening	Baseline	Treatment
Description	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	TelephonemError! Reference source not found.
Clinic	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic
Paired (lesional/non lesional locations) skin biopsiesa,f
		X							
Skin biopsy (original lesion only) a,f
									X
Blood samples for whole blood gene expression analysisa
		X							X
ADA=anti drug antibody; ADCT=atopic dermatitis control tool; AEs=adverse events; BSA=body surface area; DLQI=Dermatology Quality of Life Index; EASI=Eczema Area and Severity Index; ECG=electrocardiogram; FBC=full blood count; FSH=follicle stimulating hormone; HADS= Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale; HIV=human immunodeficiency virus; IgE=immunoglobulin E; IMP=Investigational Medicinal Product; NRS=Numerical Rating Scale; POEM=Patient Oriented Eczema Measure; PK=pharmacokinetics; PRO=patient reported outcome; SAE=serious adverse event; SCORAD=SCORing of Atopic Dermatitis; TB=tuberculosis; IGA= Investigator Global Assessment. 
#	Early Termination could be done by the Investigator (see Section 3.4, Section 3.5 and Section 9 of protocol).
a	On IMP administration days, all assessments, including taking blood samples, will be performed pre-injection unless stated otherwise.
b	Baseline assessments may be performed up to 24 hours prior to the first IMP injection (Day 1).
c	On IMP administration days up to and including Day 113 (Week 16) vital signs will be measured pre-injection and at 15-, 30- and 60-minutes post-injection. The tolerance on vital signs measurements after dosing is ±5 minutes. 
d	Samples for ADAs, where required, will be withdrawn before an injection. ADA samples will be collected irrespective of whether patients are dosed with KY1005 or placebo. Note: in the event that a patient has a systemic allergic reaction that requires immediate treatment, blood samples should be withdrawn as soon as feasible for tryptase, C1q, C1 inhibitor, C3 and C4, and repeated at 4 hours and 24 hours.  
e	If urine pregnancy test is positive, a serum control must be done before IMP administration  
f	Baseline biopsy to be taken only once the patient is eligible and has consented to biopsy collection. This must be taken before first dose is given.  The non-lesional biopsy needs to be located between 5 to 20 cm from the lesional biopsy. The site of the lesional biopsy at Day 113 (Week 16) must be identical to Baseline lesional biopsy site, even if the lesion has disappeared during treatment. Scar tissue should be avoided as a skin sample.
g	NRS (pruritus) will be recorded daily, ideally in the morning, based on the previous 24 hours, with worst (maximum) itch intensity recorded.
h	Patients will be asked to assess their worst itching due to atopic dermatitis over the last 7 days prior to Baseline on an NRS anchored by the terms “no itch” (0) and “worst itch imaginable” (10).
i	May be performed up to 24 hours prior to first injection as long as all inclusion/exclusion criteria are satisfied.
j	On IMP administration days, local skin reactions around the site of injection will be assessed 30 minutes after the injection.  
k	Screening laboratory assessments may be repeated a maximum of once where initial results are in the Investigator’s opinion, clinically significant
l	Where possible, the PRO assessments completed at the study site are to be completed by patients prior to the completion of other study assessments and the administration of IMP.
m	A telephone visit is defined as a videoconference, video call or telephone call.
n	For Japan, see Section Error! Reference source not found. (Appendix 15) of protocol.
o	For Germany, see Section Error! Reference source not found. (Appendix 15) of protocol. 
 
Table 7  Schedule of Assessments - Day 120 (Week 17) to Day 169(Week 24)
Visit	10	11a
12	13	14	15a
ET#

Visit days	120	141	148	155	162	169	 
Visit weeks	17	20	21	22	23	24k	 
Visit window (days)	±1	±3	±1	±1	±1	±3	-
	Treatment	-
Description	Clinic	Clinic	Telephoneh
Telephoneh
Telephoneh
Clinic	 Clinic
Concomitant medications – including emollients	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
AEs (including SAEs)	<=========================================================================>	X
Physical examination 							X
Vital signsb
	X				X	X
12 lead ECG						X	X
EASI		X				X	X
BSA		X				X	X
IGA		X				X	X
SCORAD Indexg
	X				X	X
DLQIg 
	X				X	X
ADCTg
					X	X
HADSg
	X				X	X
Safety tests (FBC, non fasting biochemistry, electrolytes, urinalysis)		X				X	X
Pregnancy test - females only (urine)i
	X				X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of KY1005 (PK)a
X	X				X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of ADAsc
					X	X
Blood samples for total IgE/soluble protein analysis						X	X
POEMg
	X				X	X
NRS (pruritus) – internet enabled deviced
→	→	→	→	→	→	→
Contact IRT	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
Re-randomisation						Xe

IMP administration and check of local skin reactionf, g, j
	X				X	
ADA=anti drug antibody; ADCT=atopic dermatitis control tool; AEs=adverse events; BSA=body surface area; DLQI=Dermatology Quality of Life Index; EASI=Eczema Area and Severity Index; ECG=electrocardiogram; FBC=full blood count; IgE=immunoglobulin E; IMP=Investigational Medicinal Product; NRS=Numerical Rating Scale; POEM=Patient Oriented Eczema Measure; PK=pharmacokinetics; PRO=patient reported outcome; SAE=serious adverse event; SCORAD=SCORing of Atopic Dermatitis; IGA= Investigator Global Assessment; HADS= Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale.
#	Early Termination Visit could be done by the Investigator (see Section 3.4, Section 3.5 and Section 9 of protocol).
a	On IMP administration days, all assessments, including taking blood samples, will be performed pre-injection unless stated otherwise.
b	On IMP administration days vital signs will be measured pre-injection and 30 minutes post injection.  The tolerance on vital signs after dosing is ±5 minutes.
c	Samples for ADAs, where required, will be withdrawn before an injection.  Note: in the event that a patient has a systemic allergic reaction that requires immediate treatment, blood samples should be withdrawn as soon as feasible for tryptase, C1q, C1 inhibitor, C3 and C4, and repeated at 4 hours and 24 hours.
d	NRS (pruritus) will be recorded daily, ideally in the morning, based on the previous 24 hours with worst (maximum) itch intensity recorded.
e	Where IMP administration occurs on a re-randomisation day the IMP injection is to be administered after re-randomisation (with the new regimen where applicable).
f	On IMP administration days, local skin reactions around the site of injection will be assessed 30 minutes after the injection.
g	Where possible, the PRO assessments completed at the study site are to be completed by patients prior to the completion of other study assessments and the administration of IMP.
h	A telephone visit is defined as a videoconference, video call or telephone call.
i	If urine pregnancy test is positive, a serum control must be done before IMP administration  
j	For Germany, see Section Error! Reference source not found. (Appendix 15) of protocol.
k	The ICF from the DRI/Phase2b/parent study will not be valid as LTE informed consent. In order for patients to roll over to the LTE study, a specific LTE ICF will need to be applied, agreed upon and signed at the LTE study, as the LTE is a separated protocol.

 
Table 8  Schedule of Assessments - Day 176 (Week 25) to Day 365(Week 52)
Visit	16	17a
18	19a
20	21a
22a
23	24a
25	26a
27	28a
ET#

Visit days	176	197	204	225	232	253	281	288	309	316	337	344	365	
Visit weeks	25j
28j
29j
32j
33j
36j
40j
41j
44j
45j
48j
49j
52j

Visit window (days)	±1	±3	±1	±3	±1	±3	±3	±1	±3	±3	±3	±1	±3	
	Treatment	-
Description	Clinic	Clinic	Telephonef
Clinic	Telephonef
Clinic	Clinic	Telephonef
Clinic	Telephonef
Clinic	Telephonef
Clinic	Clinic
Concomitant medications - including emollients	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
AEs (including SAEs)	<========================================================================================================>	X
Physical examination 		X					X						X	X
Vital signsb
	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
12 lead ECG				X			X				X		X	X
EASI		X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
BSA		X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
IGA		X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
SCORAD Indexg
	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
DLQIg
	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
ADCTg
					X							X	X
HADSg
	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
Safety tests (FBC, non fasting biochemistry, electrolytes, urinalysis)		X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
Pregnancy test - females only (urine)i
	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of KY1005 (PK)a
X	X		X		X	X		X		X		X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of ADAsc
					X					X		X	X
Blood samples for total IgE/soluble protein analysis						X							X	X
POEMg
			X		X	X		X		X		X	X
NRS (pruritus) - internet enabled deviced
→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→	→
Contact IRT	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X	X
IMP administration and check of local skin reactione
	X		X		X	X		X		X			
ADAs=anti drug antibodies; ADCT=atopic dermatitis control tool; AEs=adverse events; BSA=body surface area; DLQI=Dermatology Quality of Life Index; EASI=Eczema Area and Severity Index; ECG=electrocardiogram; FBC=full blood count; IgE=immunoglobulin E; IMP=Investigational Medicinal Product; NRS=Numerical Rating Scale; POEM=Patient Oriented Eczema Measure; PK=pharmacokinetics; PRO=patient reported outcome; SAE=serious adverse event; SCORAD=SCORing of Atopic Dermatitis; IGA= Investigator Global Assessment; HADS= Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale.
#	Early Termination could be done by the Sponsor or the Investigator (see Section 3.4, Section 3.5 and Section 9 of protocol).
a	On IMP administration days in this time period, all assessments, including taking blood samples, will be performed pre-injection unless stated otherwise.
b	On IMP administration days in this time period, vital signs will be measured pre-injection and 30 minutes post- injection. The tolerance on vital signs after dosing is ±5minutes.
c	Samples for ADAs, where required, will be withdrawn before an injection.  Note: in the event that a patient has a systemic allergic reaction that requires immediate treatment, blood samples should be withdrawn as soon as feasible for tryptase, C1q, C1 inhibitor, C3 and C4, and repeated at 4 hours and 24 hours. 
d	NRS (pruritus) will be recorded daily, ideally in the morning, based on the previous 24 hours with worst (maximum) itch intensity recorded.
e	On IMP administration days, local skin reactions around the site of injection will be assessed 30 minutes after the injection.
f	A telephone visit is defined as a videoconference, video call or telephone call.
g	Where possible, the PRO assessments completed at the study site are to be completed by patients prior to the completion of other study assessments and the administration of IMP.
i	 If urine pregnancy test is positive, a serum control must be done before IMP administration.
j	The ICF from the DRI/Phase2b/parent study will not be valid as LTE informed consent. In order for patients to roll over to the LTE a specific LTE ICF will need to be applied, agreed upon and signed at the LTE study, as the LTE is a separated protocol.
 
Table 9 Schedule of Assessments – Safety Follow-up
Visit	29a	30a	31a	32a	ET#
Visit days	393	421	449	477	
Visit weeks	56d	60d	64d	68d	
Visit window (days)	±7	±7	±7	±7	
Description	Clinic	Telephoneb	Clinic	Clinic	Clinic
Concomitant medications - including emollients	X	X	X	X	X
AEs (including SAEs)	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	X
Physical examination 			X	X	X
Vital signs	X		X	X	X
12 lead ECG	X		X	X	X
Safety tests (FBC, non fasting biochemistry, electrolytes, urinalysis)	X		X	X	X
Pregnancy test – females only (urine)c	X		X	X	X
Blood samples for serum concentrations of ADAs				X	X
ADA=anti-drug antibody; AEs=adverse events; ECG=electrocardiogram; FBC=full blood count; SAE=serious adverse event.
#	Early Termination could be done by the Sponsor or the Investigator (see Section 3.4, Section 3.5 and Section 9).
a	For patients who are not enrolled into the LTE (LTS17367) and require additional safety follow-up.
b	A telephone visit is defined as a videoconference, video call or telephone call.
c	If urine pregnancy test is positive, a serum control must be done before IMP administration.
d	The ICF from the DRI/Phase2b/parent study will not be valid as LTE informed consent. In order for patients to roll over to the LTE a specific LTE ICF will need to be applied, agreed upon and signed at the LTE study, as the LTE is a separated protocol.


15.4. PCSA Criteria

Table 10 Vital Signs
Vital Signs	PCSA Criteria 
HR	≤50 bpm and decrease from baseline ≥20 bpm 
≥120 bpm and increase from baseline≥20 bpm
SBP	≤95 mmHg and decrease from baseline ≥20mmHg
≥160 mmHg and increase from baseline ≥20 mmHg
DBP	≤45 mmHg and decrease from baseline ≥10 mmHg
≥110 mmHg and increase from baseline ≥10 mmHg
Weight	≥5% increase from baseline
≥5% decrease from baseline

Table 11 12-Lead ECG
ECG test	PCSA Criteria 
HR	<50 bpm
<50 bpm and decrease from baseline ≥20 bpm
<40 bpm
<40 bpm and decrease from baseline ≥20 bpm
<30 bpm
<30 bpm and decrease from baseline ≥20 bpm

>90 bpm
>90 bpm and increase from baseline ≥20bpm
>100 bpm
>100 bpm and increase from baseline ≥20bpm
>120 bpm
>120 bpm and increase from baseline ≥20 bpm
PR	>200 ms
>200 ms and increase from baseline ≥25%
> 220 ms
>220 ms and increase from baseline ≥25%
> 240 ms
> 240 ms and increase from baseline ≥25%
QRS	>110 ms
>110 msec and increase from baseline ≥25%
>120 ms
>120 ms and increase from baseline ≥25%
QTCB, QTCF	Absolute values
>450 ms
>480 ms
>500 ms

Increase from baseline
Increase from baseline ]30-60] ms
Increase from baseline >60 ms
QT	> 500 ms

Table 12 Clinical Laboratory Parameters
Laboratory Test	PCSA Criteria
ALT	By distribution analysis:
>3 ULN
>5 ULN
>10 ULN
>20 ULN
AST	By distribution analysis:
>3 ULN
>5 ULN
>10 ULN
>20 ULN
Alkaline Phosphatase	> 1.5 ULN
Total Bilirubin	>1.5 ULN
>2 ULN
Conjugated Bilirubin	 >35% Total Bilirubin and TBILI>1.5 ULN
ALT and Total Bilirubin	ALT>3 ULN and TBILI>2 ULN
CPK	>3 ULN
>10 ULN
Creatinine	≥150 μmol/L (Adults)
≥30% change from baseline
≥100% change from baseline
CLcr (mL/min)
(Estimated creatinine clearance based on the
Cokcroft-Gault equation)	<15 (end stage renal disease)
≥15 - <30 (severe decrease in GFR)
≥30 - < 60 (moderate decrease in GFR)
≥60 - <90 (mild decrease in GFR)
≥ 90 (normal GFR)
eGFR (mL/min/1.73m2)
(Estimate of GFR based on an MDRD equation)	<15 (end stage renal disease)
≥15 - <30 (severe decrease in GFR)
≥30 - < 60 (moderate decrease in GFR)
≥60 - <90 (mild decrease in GFR)
≥ 90 (normal GFR)
Uric Acid	Hyperuricemia    >408 μmol/L
Hypouricemia     <120 μmol/L
Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)	≥17 mmol/L
Chloride	<80 mmol/L
>115 mmol/L
Sodium	≤129 mmol/L
≥160 mmol/L
Potassium	<3 mmol/L
≥5.5 mmol/L
Total cholesterol	≥7.74 mmol/L
Triglycerides	≥4.6 mmol/L
Lipasemia	>= 3 ULN
Amylasemia	>= 3 ULN
Glucose	Hypoglycaemia  ≤3.9 mmol/L and <LLN
Hyperglycaemia ≥11.1 mmol/L (unfasted); ≥7 mmol/L (fasted)
HbA1c	> 8%
Albumin	<= 25 g/L
CRP	>2 ULN or >10 mg/L (if ULN not provided)
WBC	<3.0 Giga/L (Non-Black); <2.0 Giga/L (Black)
≥16.0 Giga/L
Lymphocytes	>4.0 Giga/L
Neutrophils	<1.5 Giga/L (Non-Black);<1.0 Giga/L (Black)
Eosinophils	>0.5 Giga/L or >ULN (if ULN≥0.5 Giga/L)
Monocytes	>0.7 Giga/L
Basophils	>0.1 Giga/L
Hemoglobin	≤115 g/L (Male); ≤95 g/L (Female)
≥185 g/L (Male); ≥165 g/L (Female)
Decrease from Baseline ≥20 g/L
Hematocrit	≤0.37 v/v (Male) ; ≤0.32 v/v (Female)
≥0.55 v/v (Male) ; ≥0.5 v/v (Female)
RBC	≥6 Tera/L
Platelets	<100 Giga/L
≥700 Giga/L
pH	≤4.6
≥8

 
15.5 Analysis window Details

Table 13 Analyses window definition for Efficacy Parameters 
Scheduled visit baseline /post baseline	Targeted study day	Analysis window in study days	Efficacy Parameters
Visit 1	0	<1	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS
Baseline Week 0 (Visit 2)	1	1	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS, POEM
Week 2 (Visit 4)	15	2    to   22	EASI, BSA, IGA, DLQI
Week 4 (Visit 6)	29	23    to   43	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, POEM
Week 8 (Visit 7)	57	44   to    71	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 12 (Visit 8)	85	72   to    99	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, POEM
Week 16 (Visit 9)	113	100   to    127	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS, POEM
Week 20 (Visit 11)	141	128   to    155	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 24 (Visit 15)	169	156   to    183	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS, POEM
Week 28 (Visit 17)	197	184   to    211	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS
Week 32 (Visit 19)	225	212   to    239	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 36 (Visit 21)	253	240   to    267	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS, POEM
Week 40 (Visit 22)	281	268   to    295	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 44 (Visit 24)	309	296   to    323	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 48 (Visit 26)	337	324   to    351	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, HADS, POEM
Week 52 (Visit 28)	365	> 351	EASI, BSA, IGA, SCORAD Index, DLQI, ADCT, HADS, POEM
•	Study days are calculated considering Day 1 as the day of first administration of intervention (or the day of randomization for patient not exposed).
•	Any visit outside the analysis window will be considered as the Unscheduled visit.
Table 12.1 – Time window for Pruritus NRS
Analysis Visit	Day Range for Calculating Weekly Score	Target Day
Baseline (Week 0)	-6-1	1
Week 1	2-8	8
Week 2	9-15	15
Week 3	16-22	22
Week 4	23-29	29
Week 5	30-36	36
Week 6	37-43	43
Week 7	44-50	50
Week 8	51-57	57
Week 9	58-64	64
Week 10	65-71	71
Week 11	72-78	78
Week 12	79-85	85
Week 13	86-92	92
Week 14	93-99	99
Week 15	100-106	106
Week 16	107-113	113
Week 17	114-120	120
Week 18	121-127	127
Week 19	128-134	134
Week 20	135-141	141
Week 21	142-148	148
Week 22	149-155	155
Week 23	156-162	162
Week 24	163-169	169
Week 25	170-176	176
Week 26	177-183	183
Week 27	184-190	190
Week 28	191-197	197
Week 29	198-204	204
Week 30	205-211	211
Week 31	212-218	218
Week 32	219-225	225
Week 33	226-232	232
Week 34	233-239	239
Week 35	240-246	246
Week 36	247-253	253
Week 37	254-260	260
Week 38	261-267	267
Week 39	268-274	274
Week 40	275-281	281
Week 41	282-288	288
Week 42	289-295	295
Week 43	296-302	302
Week 44	303-309	309
Week 45	310-316	316
Week 46	317-323	323
Week 47	324-330	330
Week 48	331-337	337
Week 49	338-344	344
Week 50	345-351	351
Week 51	352-358	358
Week 52	359-365	365

Table 14 Analyses window definition for Safety Parameters 
Scheduled visit baseline /post baseline	Targeted study day	Analysis window in study days	Safety Parameters
Visit 1	0	< 1	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 0 (Visit 2)	1	1	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 2 (Visit 4)	15	2    to   22	PE
Week 4 (Visit 6)	29	23   to    43	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 8 (Visit 7)	57	44   to    71	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 12 (Visit 8)	85	72   to    99	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 16 (Visit 9)	113	100   to    127	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 20 (Visit 11)	141	128   to    155	PE, VS, LAB,  
Week 24 (Visit 15)	169	156   to    183	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 28 (Visit 17)	197	184   to    211	PE, VS, LAB,  
Week 32 (Visit 19)	225	212   to    239	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 36 (Visit 21)	253	240   to    267	PE, VS, LAB, 
Week 40 (Visit 22)	281	268   to    295	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 44 (Visit 24)	309	296   to    323	PE, VS, LAB,  
Week 48 (Visit 26)	337	324   to    351	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 52 (Visit 28)	365	352   to    379	PE, VS, LAB, ECG, 
Week 56 (Visit 29)	393	380   to    407	 VS, LAB, ECG
Week 60 (Visit 30)	421	408   to    435	PE, VS, LAB, ECG 
Week 64 (Visit 31)	449	436   to    463	PE, VS, LAB, ECG 
Week 68 (Visit 32)	477	> 463	PE, VS, LAB, ECG 
•	Adverse events, Concomitant medications are collected from screening and throughout the study.
•	Study days are calculated considering Day 1 as the day of first administration of intervention (or the day of randomization for patient not exposed). 
updated 

Table 15 Analyses window definition for PK Parameters 
Scheduled visit baseline /post baseline	Targeted study day	Analysis window in study days	PK Parameters
Week 0 (Visit 2)	1	1	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 1 (Visit 3)	8	5   to    11	PK
Week 2 (Visit 4)	15	12   to    22	PK, ADAs
Week 4 (Visit 6)	29	23   to    43	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 8 (Visit 7)	57	44   to    71	PK
Week 12 (Visit 8)	85	72   to    99	PK
Week 16 (Visit 9)	113	100   to    117	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 17 (Visit 10)	120	118   to    131	PK
Week 20 (Visit 11)	141	132   to    155	PK
Week 24 (Visit 15)	169	156   to    173	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 25 (Visit 16)	176	174   to    187	PK
Week 28 (Visit 17)	197	188   to    211	PK
Week 32 (Visit 19)	225	212   to    239	PK
Week 36 (Visit 21)	253	240   to    267	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 40 (Visit 22)	281	268   to    295	PK
Week 44 (Visit 24)	309	296   to    323	PK
Week 48 (Visit 26)	337	324   to    351	PK, ADAs
Week 52 (Visit 28)	365	352   to    421	PK, ADAs, total IgE/soluble protein
Week 68 (Visit 32)	477	> 421	ADAs
Study days are calculated considering Day 1 as the day of first administration of intervention (or the day of randomization for patient not exposed). Any visit outside the analysis window will be considered as the Unscheduled visit.

TITLE PAGE 
STATISTICAL ANALYSIS PLAN
STUDY NUMBER: DEN-301
Phase III, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial 
to Investigate the Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of a 
Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine (TDV) Administered Subcutaneously 
in Healthy Children Aged 4 – 16 Years Old
Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of Takeda’s TDV in Healthy Children
PHASE III
Version: Final, 5.0
Date: 24 September 2020


Prepared by:
Nicholas Roubinis, MSc 
Principal Statistician, Vaccine Statistics
Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG		

Based on:
Protocol Version: 6.0
Protocol Date: 18 May 2020

CONFIDENTIAL PROPERTY OF TAKEDA
This document is a confidential communication of Takeda. Acceptance of this document constitutes the agreement by the recipient that no information contained herein will be published or disclosed without written authorization from Takeda.
	APPROVAL SIGNATURES
Electronic signatures can be found on the last page of this document.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.0	APPROVAL SIGNATURES	2
2.0	TABLE OF CONTENTS	3
3.0	LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS	6
4.0	OBJECTIVES	8
4.1	Primary Objective	8
4.2	Secondary Objectives	8
4.3	Exploratory Objectives	8
4.3.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	8
4.3.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	9
4.4	Study Design	9
4.4.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	9
4.4.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	15
4.5	Duration of Study	19
4.5.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	19
4.5.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	19
5.0	ANALYSIS ENDPOINTS	20
5.1	Primary Endpoint	20
5.2	Secondary Endpoints	20
5.3	Exploratory Endpoints	21
5.3.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	21
5.3.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	22
6.0	DETERMINATION OF SAMPLE SIZE	24
6.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	24
6.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	24
7.0	METHODS OF ANALYSIS AND PRESENTATION	26
7.1	General Considerations	26
7.2	Analysis Sets	31
7.2.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	31
7.2.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	31
7.2.3	Major Protocol Violations and Evaluability Criteria	32
7.3	Disposition of Subjects	35
7.3.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	35
7.3.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	36
7.4	Demographic and Baseline Characteristics	36
7.4.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	36
7.4.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	37
7.5	Medical History and Concurrent Medical Conditions	37
7.5.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	37
7.5.2	Booster Phase	38
7.6	Medication/Vaccination History and Concomitant Medications/Vaccinations	38
7.6.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	38
7.6.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	38
7.7	Investigational Product Exposure and Compliance	39
7.8	Efficacy Analysis	39
7.8.1	Primary Efficacy Endpoint	39
7.8.2	Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoint	42
7.8.3	Additional Secondary Efficacy Endpoints	42
7.9	Pharmacokinetic/Pharmacodynamic Analysis	43
7.10	Other Outcomes	43
7.10.1	Vaccine Immunogenicity Endpoints	43
7.10.2	Correlate of Protection	46
7.10.3	Other Exploratory Endpoints	47
7.11	Safety Analysis	51
7.11.1	Adverse Events	51
7.11.2	Clinical Laboratory Evaluations	54
7.11.3	Vital Signs	54
7.11.4	Other Observations Related to Safety	55
7.12	Interim Analysis	55
7.12.1	Parts 1, 2, and 3	55
7.12.2	Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)	56
7.12.3	Interim Analysis and Reporting	57
7.13	Changes in the Statistical Analysis Plan	57
7.13.1	Amendment History	58
7.13.2	Summary of Changes	58
8.0	REFERENCES	63


List of In-Text Tables
Table 4.a	Differences between Active Surveillance (Dry-Run, Parts 1 and 2) and Modified Active Surveillance (Part 3)	12
Table 4.b	Modified Active Surveillance (Parts 4 and 5)	17
Table 6.a	Number of Virologically Confirmed Dengue Cases Accrued and Power Estimations for Various Scenarios to Demonstrate Booster Effect (Approximately 1 Year Evaluation)	25
Table 7.a	 Analysis Visit Windows (Parts 1, 2, and 3)	29
Table 7.b	 Analysis Visit Windows (Parts 4 and 5)	30
Table 7.c 	Criteria for Exclusion from PPS and PPSI	33
Table 7.d 	Criteria for Exclusion from PPS-B and PPSI-B	34
Table 8.a	Schedule of Trial Procedures for Parts 1, 2, and 3	64
Table 8.b	Schedule of Trial Procedures for the Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5) – Subjects Between 4 and 11 Years of Age at the Time of Randomization in the Trial (Day 1 [Month 0])	68
Table 8.c	Solicited Local and Systemic AEs	70
Table 8.d	Intensity Scales for Solicited Safety Parameters (Infant/Toddler/Child <6 Years)	71
Table 8.e	Intensity Scales for Solicited Safety Parameters (Child ≥6 Years)	72

List of In-Text Figures
Figure 4.a	Schematic Showing Parts 1, 2, and 3	12
Figure 4.b	Schematic to Show Subject Flow Through the Study (Parts 1, 2, and 3)	14
Figure 4.c	Schematic Showing Parts 4 and 5	16
Figure 4.d	Schematic to Show Subject Flow Through the Booster Phase of the Trial (Parts 4 and 5)	18

List of Appendices
Appendix A	Schedule Of Trial Procedures	64
Appendix B	Solicited and Systemic Adverse Events and Intensity	70
Appendix C	Potential Prohibited Therapies and Vaccines	73

LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
AE	Adverse Event
ALT	Alanine Aminotransferase
AST	Aspartate Aminotransferase
ATC	Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical
b	Booster
BLA	Biologics License Application
COVID-19	Coronavirus Disease 2019
CRO	Clinical Research Organization
CSR	Clinical Study Report
DHF	Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever
eCRF	Electronic Case Report Form
ELISA	Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay
FAS	Full Analysis Set
FAS-B	Full Analysis Set-Booster
FASI	Full Analysis Set for Immunogenicity
FASI-B	Full Analysis Set for Immunogenicity-Booster
GMR	Geometric Mean Ratio
GMT	Geometric Mean Titer
HR	Hazard Ratio
IA	Interim Analysis
IEC	Independent Ethics Committee
Ig(s)	Immunoglobulin(s)
INR	International Normalized Ratio
IP	Investigational Product
IRB	Institutional Review Board
IVRS	Interactive Voice Response System
IWRS	Interactive Web Response System
LFT	Liver Function Test
MAV	Markedly Abnormal Value
MedDRA	Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities
MNT50	Microneutralization Test 50%
NS1	Nonstructural Protein 1
PCR	Polymerase Chain Reaction
PFU	Plaque Forming Units
PPS	Per-Protocol Set
PPS-B	Per-Protocol Set-Booster
PPSI	Per-Protocol Set for Immunogenicity
PPSI-B	Per-Protocol Set for Immunogenicity-Booster
PT	Preferred Term
RT-PCR	Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction
SAE	Serious Adverse Event
SAP	Statistical Analysis Plan
SD	Standard Deviation
SOC	System Organ Class
SS	Safety Set
SS-B	Safety Set-Booster
TDV	Takeda’s Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine Candidate
VCD	Virologically-Confirmed Dengue
VE	Vaccine Efficacy
WHO	World Health Organization
WHODrug	World Health Organization Drug Dictionary
 
OBJECTIVES
Primary Objective
To evaluate the efficacy of 2 doses of Takeda’s Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine Candidate (TDV) in preventing symptomatic dengue fever of any severity and due to any of the 4 dengue virus serotypes in 4-16 year old subjects.
Secondary Objectives
To be assessed post-second vaccination:
Efficacy:
To assess the efficacy of TDV in preventing symptomatic dengue fever of any severity induced by individual dengue serotypes.
To assess the efficacy of TDV in preventing symptomatic dengue fever of any severity by dengue exposure status at baseline.
Note: In later sections of the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP), “dengue exposure status at baseline” (wording as per protocol) is referred to as “dengue baseline seropositivity status”.
To assess the efficacy of TDV in preventing hospitalization due to virologically-confirmed dengue (VCD) fever.
To assess the efficacy of TDV in preventing severe dengue induced by any dengue serotype.
Safety:
To describe the safety of TDV.
To describe the reactogenicity of TDV in a subset of subjects.
Immunogenicity:
To assess the immunogenicity of TDV in a subset of subjects.
Exploratory Objectives
Parts 1, 2, and 3
Efficacy:
To describe the efficacy of TDV in preventing VCD fever between first and second vaccination.
To describe the efficacy of TDV in preventing VCD fever from first vaccination until end of Part 2.
To describe virologically-confirmed and hospitalized dengue fever identified during Part 3.
To describe VCD fever identified during Part 3.
For the correlate of protection, a threshold antibody titer value may be evaluated to predict vaccine efficacy (VE) using descriptive methodology.
To describe the profiles of immunoglobulin (Ig) G (IgG), IgM, and nonstructural protein 1 (NS1) profiles in episodes of febrile illness.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
Efficacy:
To assess the efficacy of a TDV booster dose in preventing symptomatic dengue fever of any severity induced by any dengue serotype.
To assess the efficacy of a TDV booster dose in preventing symptomatic dengue fever of any severity by dengue exposure status at baseline.
Note: In later sections of the SAP, “dengue exposure status at baseline” (wording as per protocol) is referred to as “dengue baseline seropositivity status”.
To assess the efficacy of a TDV booster dose in preventing hospitalization due to VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype.
To assess the efficacy of a TDV booster dose in preventing severe dengue induced by any dengue serotype.
Safety:
To describe the safety of a TDV booster dose.
To describe the reactogenicity of a TDV booster dose in a subset of subjects.
Booster immunogenicity:
To assess the immunogenicity of a TDV booster dose in a subset of subjects.
Study Design
This is a phase III, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with 2 parallel groups. The trial includes for all subjects at least 3 time periods (Parts 1, 2, and 3) for surveillance of febrile illness with potential dengue etiology. The trial includes 2 additional time periods (Parts 4 and 5) for surveillance of febrile illness with potential dengue etiology for subjects participating in the booster phase of the trial.
Parts 1, 2, and 3
Part 1 constitutes the primary analysis period, including primary efficacy analysis. Part 2 constitutes a period of additional active surveillance for secondary efficacy analyses. Part 3 constitutes modified active surveillance for the assessment of long term safety.
Part 1: Active surveillance for the primary assessment of efficacy in all subjects. During this time subjects will be contacted at least weekly to ensure identification of febrile illness that could potentially be due to dengue. This part will commence on the day of vaccination and finish once both of the following 2 criteria are fulfilled:
	120 cases of dengue fever are confirmed
	Minimum duration of subject follow-up of 12 months post-second vaccination

The end of Part 1 will be defined for each subject so that the duration of follow up after the second vaccination will be approximately the same for all subjects. Virologically-confirmed cases in Part 1 count towards the primary efficacy objective if occurring at least 30 days post second vaccination.
Part 2: Active surveillance for an additional 6 months for each subject following the completion of Part 1. During this time subjects will be contacted at least weekly to ensure identification of febrile illness that could potentially be due to dengue.
Virologically-confirmed cases in Parts 1 and 2 contribute towards the secondary efficacy objectives.
Part 3: Modified active surveillance for the assessment of safety in all subjects following the completion of Part 2 and lasting approximately 3 years for each subject. The modified surveillance during Part 3 will maintain at least weekly contacts through Part 3 of the trial, but the intensity of investigation will be modified based on the need for hospitalization. Surveillance will identify febrile illness of any severity that could potentially be due to dengue.
Subjects may be enrolled into a dry-run to commence and test febrile surveillance methodology. This dry-run will involve pre-vaccination surveillance for dengue and may be conducted for up to 10 months prior to vaccination on Day 1. It may not be required in all sites and may not be applicable to all subjects at the trial sites where it is conducted. The need for and duration of the dry run at an individual site will depend on the experience of the site in conducting similar trials. For ease of terminology, trial time points will use the date of first vaccination (Day 1) as the reference point, so activities occurring prior to the day of first vaccination (Day 1) will be referred to as Day –x to Day-1 (the day before first vaccination).
The target sample of 20,100 healthy children and adolescents aged between 4 and 16 years will be randomized to receive either TDV or placebo in a 2:1 ratio (13,400 TDV; 6,700 placebo). Randomization by using an interactive system (Interactive Web Response System [IWRS] or Interactive Voice Response System [IVRS]) will be stratified by region (Asia Pacific and Latin America) and age range (children aged 4-5 years, 6-11 years, and 12-16 years) to ensure each age range has the appropriate ratio of TDV to placebo in each region. In addition, recruitment will follow an enrollment plan to ensure representative enrollment across the age ranges and regions. This is considered necessary to mitigate the relative difficulty of recruitment of subjects at the extremes of age-ranges in this trial. Each subject will receive TDV or placebo by a subcutaneous injection into the upper arm. A subset of the same subjects (n=4,000) will be included in specific safety and immunogenicity evaluations (safety/immunogenicity subset, hereafter referred to as ‘subset’). This subset will be selected randomly using IWRS or IVRS and stratified by region (Asia Pacific and Latin America) and age range (children aged 4-5 years, 6 11 years, and 12-16 years).
Aspects of active surveillance (dry-run, Parts 1 and 2):
Definition of active surveillance
During active surveillance (dry-run, Parts 1 and 2), any subject with febrile illness (defined as fever ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) will be asked to return to the site for dengue fever evaluation by the Investigator. Subjects/guardians will be contacted at least weekly to ensure robust identification of febrile illness by reminding subjects/guardians of their obligation to return to the site in case of febrile illness. This contact will be implemented through appropriate methods that may differ in each trial site (eg, phone calls, text messaging, home visits, school based surveillance). The text messaging system, if used, will be identified and evaluated by the Sponsor before use. Each trial site will have locally-developed Standard Procedures (ie, Internal Operating Procedures) that details the local healthcare map relevant to the trial (as assessed by the trial site), methodology of febrile illness surveillance and case handling.
Duration of active surveillance
Active surveillance for febrile illness will commence at the dry-run or on Day 1 (Part 1) and will continue until the end of Part 2.
Part 1 is designed to support the primary objective of assessment of efficacy of the vaccine candidate in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype, and will include active surveillance until the 2 conditions described previously are fulfilled.
Part 2 is designed to provide additional data regarding the secondary efficacy objectives detailed in Section 4.2. These analyses involve subsets of dengue cases, such as dengue due to a single serotype, and will therefore be less precise than the primary efficacy endpoint which considers dengue cases regardless of severity or serotype. A longer surveillance period enables the identification of additional dengue cases, thereby improving the precision of the secondary efficacy objectives. For this reason all subjects will continue active surveillance for 6 months following the completion of Part 1.
Aspects of modified active surveillance (Part 3):
Modified active surveillance will start after the completion of Part 2, and will last for approximately 3 years. Modified active surveillance will be implemented to detect dengue cases of any severity in a tiered approach based on the need for hospitalization. Any subject with febrile illness (defined as fever ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) will be asked to return to the site for evaluation by the Investigator. Subjects presenting with febrile illness not requiring hospitalization will be screened for dengue disease (by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction [RT-PCR]) unless there is alternate laboratory confirmed etiology. They will undergo local laboratory evaluations as per standard medical practice. Subjects with febrile illness requiring hospitalization will be evaluated as during active surveillance (ie, dry-run, Parts 1 and 2). During Part 3, there will be a minimum frequency of 1 contact every week through appropriate methods that may differ in each trial site (see above). Modified active surveillance will be performed according to locally-developed Standard Procedures as described above.
The trial design (Parts 1, 2, and 3) is presented below in Figure 4.a. Differences between active surveillance (dry-run, Parts 1 and 2) and modified active surveillance (Part 3) are summarized in Table 4.a.
Figure 4.a	Schematic Showing Parts 1, 2, and 3 
 
Table 4.a	Differences between Active Surveillance (Dry-Run, Parts 1 and 2) and Modified Active Surveillance (Part 3)
	Active Surveillance
(dry-run, Parts 1 and 2)	Modified Active Surveillance
(Part 3)
Contact frequency	At least weekly	At least weekly
Threshold for evaluation	All febrile illness (irrespective of need for hospitalization)	Febrile illness requiring hospitalization	Febrile illness not requiring hospitalization (unless the febrile illness has an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology).
Laboratory evaluations	- Within 5 days: RT-PCR, NS1 antigen, IgM, IgG ELISA (central laboratory); and platelet count, hematocrit, ALT, and AST (locally)
- 7-14 days after the acute sample: IgM and IgG ELISA (central laboratory); and platelet count, hematocrit, ALT, and AST (locally)
- Other laboratory evaluations as per standard of care (locally)	- Within 5 days: RT-PCR (central laboratory)
- Other laboratory evaluations as per standard of care (locally)
ALT = alanine aminotransferase; AST = aspartate aminotransferase; ELISA = enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay;
IgG/IgM = Immunoglobulin G/M; NS1 = nonstructural protein 1; RT-PCR = reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction
Case definition for efficacy objectives:
A virologically-confirmed dengue case is defined as febrile illness (defined as temperature ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) or illness clinically suspected to be dengue by the Investigator with a positive serotype-specific RT-PCR. The presence of febrile illness or clinically suspected dengue will be recorded in the electronic Case Report Form (eCRF) by the Investigator.
Handling of febrile illness cases (suspected dengue cases):
Subjects presenting with febrile illness (defined as temperature ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) or clinically suspected dengue during the dry-run, Parts 1 and 2 or requiring hospitalization during Part 3 will have 2 blood samples taken to confirm dengue infection, in addition to those taken as part of the clinical care of the subject. The first or acute blood sample will be taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever). Testing will include dengue IgM and IgG enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), dengue NS1 antigen ELISA, dengue RT-PCR, hematocrit, platelet count and liver function tests (LFTs [aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT)]). The second or convalescent blood sample will be taken during the convalescent phase of the disease (ie, between 7 and 14 days after the acute sample) and will be tested for dengue IgM/IgG by ELISA, hematocrit, platelet count, and LFTs (as above).
Local standards of care may require additional tests, based on clinical presentation and at medical discretion. Additional dengue neutralizing antibody and other laboratory tests may be performed. In addition to blood tests, clinical evaluation will be performed for signs of hemorrhage or plasma leakage as well as any other abnormal signs or symptoms.
In addition, during Part 3, subjects presenting with febrile illness (defined as temperature ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) or clinically suspected dengue and not requiring hospitalization will have 1 blood sample taken for dengue infection confirmation by RT-PCR unless there is an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology. The blood sample will be taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever). Febrile illness cases within 30 days after vaccination will be investigated for the presence of WT or vaccine-derived dengue virus. The testing algorithm is described in the serology plan. Clinical evaluation will be performed for signs of hemorrhage or plasma leakage as well as any other abnormal signs or symptoms. Local standards of care may require additional tests, based on clinical presentation and at medical discretion.
A febrile illness as described above will require an interval of at least 14 days from a previous febrile illness to avoid overlap of acute and convalescent visits from 1 episode with those from a second episode.
Procedures
After informed consent/assent has been obtained (which may be up to 10 months prior to vaccination on Day 1 [Month 0] as described above and as a result of the dry-run) each subject will be assessed for eligibility to participate in the trial. On Day 1 (Month 0) a pre-vaccination blood sample will be taken, randomization to TDV or placebo, and vaccination will occur. A second vaccination will be administered at Day 90 (Month 3). Subjects included in the subset (see above) will also be randomly selected using the IWRS or IVRS.
Any withdrawals from enrollment until Day 1 will be replaced so that 20,100 subjects are randomized and vaccinated; any withdrawals after randomization will not be replaced.
The trial schedule (subject flow and visits) is presented below in Figure 4.b. A detailed schedule of procedures is listed in Appendix A (Table 8.a).
 
Figure 4.b	Schematic to Show Subject Flow Through the Study (Parts 1, 2, and 3)

 
Between 4 years and approximately 4.5 years post-dose 2 in Part 3, the parent/guardian of subjects who are included in the Per-Protocol Set (PPS, for definition refer to Section 7.2.1) and who were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial on Day 1 (Month 0) will be asked to allow their child/ward to receive the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo). It is anticipated that some subjects eligible for the booster phase of the trial may have or may not have completed Part 3 of the trial by the time the protocol amendment is implemented and it is feasible to enroll them into the booster phase for ethical and scientific reasons. Those subjects may be enrolled into the booster phase provided the Institutional Review Boards (IRB)/ Independent Ethics Committees (IEC) approved the current protocol amendment, the subjects meet the entry criteria, and the global enrollment into the booster phase is ongoing. Details on data analysis for subjects who do not complete Part 3 of the trial will be described in Section 7.1.
Immunogenicity evaluation (microneutralization test 50% [MNT50]):
All subjects:
Blood samples will be collected pre-vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0) and post-second vaccination on Day 120 (Month 4).
Subset:
Additional blood samples will be collected post-first vaccination on Day 30 (Month 1), pre vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second vaccination on Day 270 (Month 9) and Day 450 (Month 15), and then every 12 months until the end of Part 3.
Safety evaluation:
All subjects:
Identification of febrile episodes with potential dengue etiology for the trial duration.
Blood samples will be collected in the event of febrile illness as described above.
Documentation of all Serious Adverse Events (SAEs) during Parts 1 and 2. During Part 3, investigators will be required to report all deaths as well as SAEs assessed as related, or deemed relevant by the Investigator in the context of vaccine safety.
Subset:
Subjects will be provided with a diary card for the recording of:
	Solicited local AEs for 7 days following each vaccination (day of vaccination + 6 subsequent days). These will include:
	Injection site pain, injection site erythema and injection site swelling.
	Solicited systemic AEs for 14 days following each vaccination (day of vaccination + 13 subsequent days). These will include:
	Child <6 years: fever, irritability/fussiness, drowsiness and loss of appetite.
	Child ≥6 years: asthenia, fever, headache, malaise and myalgia.
Unsolicited AEs for 28 days following each vaccination (day of vaccination + 27 subsequent days) will be collected by interview (ie, at Day 30 [Month 1] and Day 120 [Month 4], as applicable).
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
Parts 4 and 5 constitute a period of modified active surveillance for exploratory efficacy, immunogenicity and safety analyses post-booster vaccination.
	Part 4: Modified active surveillance post-booster vaccination and lasting minimum 13 months for each subject.
	Part 5: Modified active surveillance following the completion of Part 4 and lasting 1 year for each subject.
The modified active surveillance during Parts 4 and 5 will maintain at least weekly contacts through Parts 4 and 5 of the trial, but the intensity of investigation will be modified based on the need for hospitalization. Surveillance will identify febrile illness of any severity that could potentially be due to dengue.
No new randomization will be performed for the booster phase of the trial. Only subjects from the PPS who were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial on Day 1 [Month 0]) can participate in the booster phase of this trial. Subjects assigned to participate in the booster phase of the trial will receive a single dose of TDV or placebo, depending on the assignment at the time of randomization in the trial (Day 1 [Month 0]). The target sample size for the booster phase is approximately 10,500 subjects (TDV: approximately 7,000 subjects, placebo: approximately 3,500 subjects). The booster dose will be administered between 4 years and approximately 4.5 years post-dose 2. A subset of subjects who were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization on Day 1 (Month 0) will be assigned to the booster immunogenicity subset for specific safety and immunogenicity evaluations. Assignment to the booster immunogenicity subset (approximately 2,100 subjects) is also based on randomization performed in Part 1 on Day 1 (Month 0).
For ease of terminology, trial time points will use the date of booster vaccination (Day 1b) as the reference point, so activities occurring prior to the day of booster vaccination (Day 1b) will be referred to as Day –x to Day -1b (the day before booster vaccination).
Aspects of modified active surveillance in the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5):
Modified active surveillance will continue after the completion of Part 3 and will last for approximately 25 months to detect dengue cases of any severity in a tiered approach based on the need for hospitalization post-booster vaccination. Any subject with febrile illness (defined as fever ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) will be asked to return to the site for evaluation by the Investigator. Subjects presenting with febrile illness not requiring hospitalization will be screened for dengue disease (by RT-PCR) unless there is alternate laboratory confirmed etiology. They will undergo local laboratory evaluations as per standard medical practice. Subjects with febrile illness requiring hospitalization will be evaluated as during active surveillance (ie, dry-run, Parts 1 and 2). During Parts 4 and 5, there will be a minimum frequency of 1 contact every week through appropriate methods that may differ in each trial site (see above). Modified active surveillance will be performed according to locally-developed Standard Procedures as described above.
The trial design (Parts 4 and 5) is presented below in Figure 4.c. Modified active surveillance (Parts 4 and 5) is summarized in Table 4.b.
A detailed schedule of procedures is listed in Appendix A (Table 8.b).
Figure 4.c	Schematic Showing Parts 4 and 5 
 

 
Table 4.b	Modified Active Surveillance (Parts 4 and 5)
	Modified Active Surveillance (Parts 4 and 5)
Contact frequency	At least weekly
Threshold for evaluation	Febrile illness requiring hospitalization	Febrile illness not requiring hospitalization (unless the febrile illness has an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology).
Laboratory evaluations	- Within 5 days: RT-PCR, NS1 antigen, IgM, IgG ELISA (central laboratory); and platelet count, hematocrit, ALT, and AST (locally)
- 7-14 days after the acute sample: IgM and IgG ELISA (central laboratory); and platelet count, hematocrit, ALT, and AST (locally)
- Other laboratory evaluations as per standard of care (locally)	- Within 5 days: RT-PCR (central laboratory)
- Other laboratory evaluations as per standard of care (locally)
ALT = alanine aminotransferase; AST = aspartate aminotransferase; ELISA = enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay;
IgG/IgM = Immunoglobulin G/M; NS1 = nonstructural protein 1; RT-PCR = reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction
Handling of febrile illness cases (suspected dengue cases):
Subjects presenting with febrile illness (defined as temperature ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) requiring hospitalization during Parts 4 and 5 will have 2 blood samples taken to confirm dengue infection, in addition to those taken as part of the clinical care of the subject. The first or acute blood sample will be taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever). Testing will include dengue IgM and IgG ELISA, dengue NS1 antigen ELISA, dengue RT-PCR, hematocrit, platelet count and LFTs (AST and ALT). The second or convalescent blood sample will be taken during the convalescent phase of the disease (ie, between 7 and 14 days after the acute sample) and will be tested for dengue IgM/IgG by ELISA, hematocrit, platelet count, and LFTs (as above). In some circumstances, additional investigations (including additional polymerase chain reaction [PCR] and viral genome sequencing) will be performed to further characterize the detected infectious dengue virus.
Local standards of care may require additional tests, based on clinical presentation and at medical discretion. Additional dengue neutralizing antibody and other laboratory tests may be performed. In addition to blood tests, clinical evaluation will be performed for signs of hemorrhage or plasma leakage as well as any other abnormal signs or symptoms.
Subjects presenting with febrile illness (defined as temperature ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days) or clinically suspected dengue and not requiring hospitalization during Parts 4 and 5 will have 1 blood sample taken for dengue infection confirmation by RT-PCR unless there is an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology. The blood sample will be taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever). Febrile illness cases within 30 days after vaccination will be investigated for the presence of wild-type or vaccine-derived dengue virus. The testing algorithm is described in the serology plan. Clinical evaluation will be performed for signs of hemorrhage or plasma leakage as well as any other abnormal signs or symptoms. Local standards of care may require additional tests, based on clinical presentation and at medical discretion.
A febrile illness as described above will require an interval of at least 14 days from a previous febrile illness to avoid overlap of acute and convalescent visits from 1 episode with those from a second episode.
Procedures
After informed consent/assent has been obtained for the booster phase of the trial, each subject will be assessed for eligibility to participate in the booster phase. On Day 1b (Month 0b) a pre booster vaccination blood sample will be taken and booster vaccination will occur.
The trial schedule (subject flow and visits) for the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5) is presented below in Figure 4.d.
Figure 4.d	Schematic to Show Subject Flow Through the Booster Phase of the Trial (Parts 4 and 5)
 
Booster immunogenicity evaluation (MNT50):
Note: ‘b’ will be used to denote trial visits of the booster phase.
All subjects in the booster phase:
Blood samples will be collected pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b).
Booster immunogenicity subset:
Additional blood samples will be collected post-booster vaccination on Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Safety evaluation:
All subjects in the booster phase:
Identification of febrile episodes with potential dengue etiology for the trial duration.
Blood samples will be collected in the event of febrile illness as described above.
Documentation of all SAEs during Parts 4 and 5.
Booster immunogenicity subset:
Subjects will be provided with a diary card for the recording of:
	Solicited local AEs for 7 days following booster vaccination (day of booster vaccination + 6 subsequent days). These will include:
	Injection site pain, injection site erythema and injection site swelling.
	Solicited systemic AEs for 14 days following booster vaccination (day of booster vaccination + 13 subsequent days). These will include:
	Asthenia, fever, headache, malaise and myalgia.
	Unsolicited AEs for 28 days following booster vaccination (day of booster vaccination + 27 subsequent days) will be collected by interview (ie, at Day 30b [Month 1b]).
Duration of Study
Parts 1, 2, and 3
For each participant, the trial duration will be approximately 42 months after the completion of Part 1 (at least 6 months in Part 2 and approximately 3 years in Part 3). The minimum duration of Part 1 will be approximately 15 months (including minimum 12 months after second vaccination for each subject) but may be longer depending on the time taken to fulfill criteria for the end of Part 1. Hence, it is not explicitly defined. There is a possibility that when end of Part 1 is determined, certain subjects who were randomized earlier might have already completed the 6 months of active surveillance required for Part 2. The transition to Part 3 (ie, modified active surveillance) will occur at that point for those subjects.
For subjects not participating in the booster phase of the trial, the end of Part 3 will be the end of the trial, or the last febrile illness surveillance date, whichever date is later. 
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
For each participant, the duration of the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5), will be approximately 760 days (approximately 25 months) including booster vaccination (Day 1b [Month 0b]) and follow-up through Day 760b (Month 25b).
ANALYSIS ENDPOINTS
Primary Endpoint
Efficacy
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype occurring from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 1, with VE defined as 1 – (λV/λC) (where λV and λC denote the hazard rates for the TDV and placebo arms, respectively).
Secondary Endpoints
Efficacy
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by each dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2.
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2 in subjects dengue seronegative at baseline.
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2 in subjects dengue seropositive at baseline.
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing hospitalization due to VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2.
VE of 2 doses of TDV in preventing virologically-confirmed severe dengue fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2.
Safety
Subset (post-first and post-second vaccinations):
Frequency and severity of solicited local (injection site) adverse events (AEs) for 7 days (day of vaccination + 6 subsequent days) and solicited systemic AEs for 14 days (day of vaccination + 13 subsequent days) post-vaccination.
Percentage of subjects with any unsolicited AEs for 28 days (day of vaccination + 27 subsequent days) post-vaccination.
All subjects:
Percentage of subjects with SAEs during Part 1, Part 2, and Parts 1 and 2 combined.
Percentage of subjects with fatal SAEs and related SAEs during first and second half of Part 3.
Immunogenicity
Subset (post-first and post-second vaccination):
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for each of the 4 dengue serotypes at pre-vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first vaccination on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second vaccination on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15), and then annually.
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for any 1 (monovalent), 2 (bivalent), 3 (trivalent), and 4 (tetravalent) dengue serotypes, as well as at least bivalent (seropositive for ≥2 dengue serotypes) and at least trivalent (seropositive for ≥3 dengue serotypes) at pre-vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first vaccination on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second vaccination on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15), and then annually.
Note: Seropositivity is defined as a reciprocal neutralizing titer ≥10.
Geometric mean titers (GMTs) of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first vaccination on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second vaccination on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15), and then annually.
Exploratory Endpoints
Parts 1, 2, and 3
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified between the first and second vaccinations (ie, Day 1 until Day 90).
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 2.
Analyses will be performed to describe virologically-confirmed and hospitalized dengue fever identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe virologically-confirmed and hospitalized dengue fever identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
Note: It is anticipated that some subjects eligible for the booster phase may not complete Part 3 of the trial. The endpoint assessment duration for these subjects is detailed in Section 7.1.
Post-first and post-second vaccinations:
Analyses will be performed to examine the relationship between dengue neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) and protection from dengue infection (correlate of protection).
Analyses will be performed to describe the profiles of IgG, IgM and NS1 during episodes of febrile illness. 
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
Efficacy
All subjects in the booster phase:
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30 booster [b] (Month 1b)) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by each dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any and each dengue serotype in dengue seronegative subjects at baseline from 30 days post booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any and each dengue serotype in dengue seropositive subjects at baseline from 30 days post booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing hospitalization due to VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing virologically confirmed severe dengue fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
Safety
Booster immunogenicity subset:
Frequency and severity of solicited local (injection site) AEs for 7 days (day of booster vaccination + 6 subsequent days) and solicited systemic AEs for 14 days (day of booster vaccination + 13 subsequent days) post-vaccination.
Percentage of subjects with any unsolicited AEs for 28 days (day of booster vaccination + 27 subsequent days) post-vaccination.
All subjects in the booster phase:
Percentage of subjects with SAEs during Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
Percentage of subjects with fatal SAEs and related SAEs during Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
Booster immunogenicity
Booster immunogenicity subset:
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for each of the 4 dengue serotypes at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for multiple (any 2, 3 or 4) dengue serotypes at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Note: Seropositivity is defined as a reciprocal neutralizing titer ≥10.
GMTs of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
	Geometric mean ratio (GMR) of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 180b (Month 6b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 395b (Month 13b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 760b (Month 25b).
Post-booster vaccination:
Analyses will be performed to examine the relationship between dengue neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) and protection from dengue infection (correlate of protection).
Analyses will be performed to describe the profiles of IgG, IgM and NS1 antigen during episodes of hospitalized febrile illness.
DETERMINATION OF SAMPLE SIZE
Parts 1, 2, and 3
This is a partially case-driven trial (ie, Part 1 is case driven).
Assuming true VE of 60% and a randomization ratio of 2:1 (TDV:placebo), a total of 120 virologically-confirmed cases of dengue fever induced by any dengue serotype occurring from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 1 would provide at least 90% power to rule out a vaccine effect of ≤ 25% (with a 2-sided significance level of 0.05). Assuming a background incidence rate of 1.0% by the end of Part 1 (minimum 12 months after the second vaccination for each subject), randomization of 20,100 subjects in a 2:1 ratio with follow-up for a minimum of 12 months would allow accrual of at least 120 dengue fever cases. Exclusion of subjects from the Per-Protocol Set will be compensated by a potentially longer duration of Part 1.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
No formal sample size calculations were performed for the booster phase and the evaluation is exploratory. The booster phase is planned in a subset of the trial subjects based on feasibility considerations and a higher number of subjects will allow estimation of the overall VE and VE in various planned sub-group analyses with higher precision. However, some assumptions were made based on the number of subjects who may be willing to continue in the booster phase. At the time of drafting the protocol amendment 4, the ongoing trial had approximately 12,500 active PPS subjects in the 4 to 11 years age group. Assuming a 16% dropout, approximately 10,500 subjects are likely to continue in the booster phase. Multiple scenarios of decreasing sample sizes were assessed to estimate the number of dengue fever cases that could be accrued from 30 days post-booster vaccination to the end of Part 4 (with a follow-up period of 12 months) and the associated power, assuming a ratio of 2:1 (TDV:placebo) as on Day 1 (Month 0). These scenarios are summarized in Table 6.a, considering varying true VEs (60% and 70%) and background incidence rates (1% and 2%), with a 2-sided significance level of 0.05 and a lower bound limit of the 95% CI around the estimated VE of 0%.
 
Table 6.a	Number of Virologically Confirmed Dengue Cases Accrued and Power Estimations for Various Scenarios to Demonstrate Booster Effect (Approximately 1 Year Evaluation)
Sample Size (a)	Efficacy	Incidence Rate	Cases Accrued	Power (%)
12,500	60%	1%	67	95
		2%	135	99
	70%	1%	60	99
		2%	120	99
11,500	60%	1%	62	93
		2%	124	99
	70%	1%	55	99
		2%	110	99
10,500	60%	1%	56	89
		2%	113	99
	70%	1%	50	98
		2%	100	99
9,500	60%	1%	51	86
		2%	102	99
	70%	1%	45	97
		2%	91	99
8,500	60%	1%	45	85
		2%	91	99
	70%	1%	40	96
		2%	81	99
7,500	60%	1%	40	80
		2%	81	98
	70%	1%	36	91
		2%	72	99
	Assuming a ratio of 2:1 (TDV:placebo) as on Day 1 (Month 0), 2-sided significance level of 0.05, and a lower bound limit of the 95% CI around the estimated VE of 0%.

METHODS OF ANALYSIS AND PRESENTATION
General Considerations
This SAP was developed on the International Conference on Harmonization E3 and E9 Guidelines, and information provided in Protocol DEN-301, Version 6.0 dated 18 May 2020 [1]. The shells of tables, listings and graphs will be provided in a separate document.
All statistical analyses will be generated using SAS Version 9.2 or higher.
This document will provide details regarding the definition of analysis variables and analysis methodology to address all trial objectives.
A blinded data review will be conducted prior to unblinding of subject’s assignment to IP. This review will assess the accuracy and completeness of the trial database, subject evaluability, and appropriateness of the planned statistical methods.
Immunogenicity and safety endpoints will be summarized descriptively (frequency and percent for categorical data; and number of subjects with non-missing observation, mean, standard deviation (SD), median, minimum and maximum for continuous data) by all relevant trial visits, if appropriate. In summary tables for categorical data for which categories are defined on the eCRF, all categories will be presented as specified, even if the subject count within that category is zero. For other categorical data (eg, adverse events and medications), only categories with at least one subject will be presented.
For summary tables a value of 5 (midpoint between 0 and the lower limit of detection [ie, 10]) will be used for Dengue Neutralizing Antibody titers which are below the lower limit of detection. If a reported value is between the lower limit of detection and the lower limit of quantification (different for each serotype) this value will be replaced with the mid-point between the two. However, for listings the original reported values will be displayed.
All subgroup analyses will be performed in an exploratory manner and are not powered or designed to detect differences in subgroups.
For subjects who received Dengvaxia during the course of the trial data will be handled in the following way:
	Efficacy/Immunogenicity: Subjects’ data after receipt of Dengvaxia will be excluded from the “Per-Protocol” and “Full Analysis” analyses. For analyses related to vaccine efficacy subjects will be censored at the time of receipt of Dengvaxia or at Day 1 if receipt of Dengvaxia was before the respective analysis period. This time point will be considered as last contact. Depending on the number of subjects receiving Dengvaxia, exploratory analyses based on this subgroup may be performed.
	Safety: Safety summaries will be provided on all subjects regardless of the receipt of Dengvaxia. Depending on the number of subjects receiving Dengvaxia, additional summaries based on this subgroup may be performed separating events prior to and after Dengvaxia administration.
All data collected will be presented in listings, sorted by trial group, site number, subject number, and date/time of the finding, if applicable. 
Handling of missing and partial start/end dates for unsolicited AEs, medical history/concurrent medical conditions and prior/concomitant medication/vaccination dates:
Missing and partial unsolicited AE start dates may be imputed only to determine the temporal relationship between the start date of the event and the dose date of the most appropriate vaccination that the AE could be allocated with (ie, Vaccination 1 or Vaccination 2). An AE should be temporally allocated with the correct dose using the following rules:
	If the AE start and end dates are both completely missing, the AE will be allocated with the first trial vaccination;
	If at least month and/or the year of the AE start is/are available, the AE will be allocated with the latest vaccination prior to the AE start date;
	If the AE start date is completely missing, or the available start date information is insufficient to distinguish between the 2 trial vaccinations, but a partial AE end date (ie, month and/or year) is available, the AE end date will be assessed and the AE will be allocated with the vaccination after which the event ends, assuming transient nature of events. If partial end date information indicates possible allocation with both vaccinations, the AE will be allocated with the first trial vaccination.
Missing and partial medication/vaccination dates will be used to distinguish between a prior or a concomitant medication/vaccine based on the first trial vaccination. A medication will be considered prior only if the partial end date indicates that it was stopped before the first trial vaccination. A vaccine will be considered prior only if the partial vaccination date indicates that it was given before the first trial vaccination. In all other cases the medication or vaccine will be considered concomitant.
If the “End Date” or “End Date Unknown” fields are missing on the medical history/ concurrent medical conditions form of the eCRF and from the partial date it can’t be concluded that the event is clearly a medical history, the event will be considered a concurrent medical condition.
Similar rules will be applied to the booster phase, where applicable.
Rounding and precision:
Minimum and maximum values will be presented using the same number of decimal places as the recorded data. Means, the least squares means (LS Means), and medians will be presented to 1 more decimal place than the recorded data. Standard deviations (SD) and Standard errors (SE) will be presented to 2 more decimal places than the recorded data. Confidence intervals (CI) will be presented using the same number of decimal places as the parameter estimate (ie, 1 more decimal place than the recorded data). Percentages will be presented to 1 decimal place (eg, 80.3%). All p-values will be rounded to 3 decimal places. If a p-value is less than 0.001, it will be reported as “<0.001”; if a p-value is greater than 0.999, it will be reported as “>0.999”. P values will only be presented for the primary and key secondary efficacy endpoints.
Definition of baseline and study day for immunogenicity and safety:
Baseline is defined as the last non-missing measurement taken before the first dose of IP administration. Study Day 1 is defined to be the date of the first of IP administration, as recorded on the eCRF page. Other trial days are defined relative to the study day 1, with Day -1 being the day prior to Day 1. Additionally, a booster vaccination study day is defined relative to the date on which a subject had their booster vaccination. These trial days will be presented in the listings, where applicable.
Windowing of Post Baseline Data:
A windowing convention for the immunogenicity and safety data will be used to determine the analysis value for a given trial visit for observed data analyses. Analysis visit windows will be calculated relative to the days when each trial dose was administered (Day 1 [M0] and Day 90 [M3] in Part 1 and Day 1b [M0b] in Part 4). The window definitions for Parts 1, 2, and 3 are presented in Table 7.a and for Parts 4 and 5 in Table 7.b.
If more than one result for a variable is obtained for a subject in a visit window, the result with the date closest to the scheduled/expected visit date will be used. In the event that two measurements within a given visit window are equidistant to the scheduled visit date, the later observation will be used. Only scheduled visits will be considered for the visit mapping.
 
Table 7.a	 Analysis Visit Windows (Parts 1, 2, and 3)
Visit	Scheduled Visit Day (Month)	
Scheduled Vaccination	Visit Windows
			Full Analysis Set & 
Safety Set	Per-Protocol Set
V1	Day 1
(M0)	Dose 1	Prior [≤1 day] (a) to Dose 1	Prior [≤1 day] (a) to Dose 1
V2	Day 30
(M1)		2-60 days (b) after Dose 1	29-37 days (b) after Dose 1
V3	Day 90
(M3)	Dose 2	61-115 days (b) after Dose 1 
and 
Prior [≤1 day] (a) to Dose 2	75-115 days (b) after Dose 1
and
Prior [≤1 day] (a) to Dose 2
V4	Day 120
(M4)		2-105 days (b) after Dose 2
or
116-195 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	29-37 days (b) after Dose 2
V5	Day 270
(M9)		106-270 days (b) after Dose 2
or 
196-360 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	159-201 days (b) after Dose 2
V6	Day 450
(M15)		271-542 days (b) after Dose 2
or
361-632 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	330-390 days (b) after Dose 2
Year 1	Day 815
(Year 1)		543-907 days (b) after Dose 2
or
633-997 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	680-770 days (b) after Dose 2
Year 2	Day 1180
(Year 2)		908-1272 days (b) after Dose 2
or
998-1362 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	1045-1135 days (b) after Dose 2
Year 3	Day 1545
(Year 3)		≥1273 days (b) after Dose 2
or
≥1363 days (b) after Dose 1(c)	1410-1500 days (b) after Dose 2 (d)
or
1410-1635 days (b) after Dose 2 (e)
	Blood draw for immunogenicity assessments and assessment of vital signs must be prior to the vaccination scheduled for the same visit, and where time is available, the time of the blood/vital signs collection must be prior to the vaccination time. Day 1 (M0) observations taken after the first trial vaccination are considered post-Baseline values.
	Number of days after the visit is calculated with 1 day increment. For example, for V2 number of days after V1 is calculated as [Date of V2] – [Date of V1] + 1 (day).
	Applies to subjects who missed the second dose at V3.
	Applies to subjects not participating in the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5).
	Applies to subjects participating in the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5). 
 
Table 7.b	 Analysis Visit Windows (Parts 4 and 5)
Visit	Scheduled Visit Day (Month)	
Scheduled Vaccination	Visit Windows
			Full Analysis Set & 
Safety Set	Per-Protocol Set
V1b	Day 1b
(M0b)	Booster vaccination	Prior [≤1 day] (a) to booster vaccination	Prior [≤1 day] (a) to booster vaccination
V2b	Day 30b
(M1b)		2-105 days (b) after booster vaccination	29-37 days (b) after booster vaccination
V3b	Day 180b
(M6b)		106-287 days (b) after booster vaccination	159-201 days (b) after booster vaccination
V4b	Day 395b
(M13b)		288-577 days (b) after booster vaccination	365-425 days (b) after booster vaccination
V5b	Day 760b
(M25b)		≥578 days (b) after booster vaccination	715-805 days (b) after booster vaccination
	Blood draw for immunogenicity assessments and assessment of vital signs must be prior to the booster vaccination, and where time is available, the time of the blood/vital signs collection must be prior to the booster vaccination time. Day 1b (M0b) observations taken after the booster vaccination are considered post-booster values.
	Number of days after the visit is calculated with 1 day increment. For example, for V2b number of days after V1b is calculated as [Date of V2b] – [Date of V1b] + 1 (day).
Definition of end of Part 1 for subjects who didn’t receive the second dose or discontinued the trial during Part 1:
For subjects who did not receive a second vaccination, the end of Part 1 will be defined as 455 days (365 days + 90 days) from first vaccination. Note that subjects can be followed for febrile illnesses after trial discontinuation if they consent. For subjects in the Full Analysis Set and Per Protocol Set (see definitions in Section 7.2) who discontinue from the trial before the defined end of Part 1, Part 1 will end at the time of trial discontinuation, regardless of whether subjects agreed to be followed for febrile illnesses after trial discontinuation. For subjects in the Safety Set (see definition in Section 7.2) whose last febrile surveillance contact date is before the defined end of Part 1, Part 1 will end at the last febrile surveillance contact date; if subjects in the Safety Set did not agree to be followed for febrile illness after trial discontinuation, and trial discontinuation date is before the defined end of Part 1, Part 1 will end at the time of trial discontinuation.
A similar approach will be followed for other trial parts.
Definition of end of Part 3 for subjects who had their Part 3 already completed or didn’t complete Part 3 prior to enrollment into the booster phase (Part 4):
As outlined in Section 4.4.1 some subjects eligible for the booster phase of the trial may have or may not have completed Part 3 of the trial by the time the protocol amendment is implemented and it is feasible to enroll them into the booster phase for ethical and scientific reasons. For subjects who completed Part 3 before enrollment into Part 4 the end of Part 3 will be as scheduled per protocol. For subjects who didn’t complete Part 3 prior to enrollment into Part 4 the end of Part 3 will be the last day prior to start of Part 4 (ie, Day 1b).
Analysis Sets
Dry Run Set: The Dry Run Set will consist of all subjects (regardless of whether they were randomized or not) who participated in the dry-run prior to Part 1.
Parts 1, 2, and 3
Randomized Set: The Randomized Set will consist of all randomized subjects, regardless of whether any dose of the IP (TDV or placebo) was received. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned.
Safety Set (SS): The SS will consist of all randomized subjects who received at least one dose of the IP (TDV or placebo). For analyses of solicited AEs (reactogenicity) and unsolicited AEs, only subjects in the subset will be included. For all subjects in the SS, SAEs will be assessed during Parts 1, 2, and 3. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP received.
The following approach will be used for subjects with IP misallocations:
	Subjects who received the planned vaccine regimen for the other trial group to the one randomized to (ie, subjects who received TDV/TDV instead of Placebo/Placebo or vice versa) will be displayed in the respective trial group in the summaries based on the Safety Set (according to the IP received).
	Subjects who did not receive the planned vaccine regimen (ie, subjects who received TDV/Placebo or Placebo/TDV) will be considered in a separate group (ie, misallocations). Data for this group will be displayed in selected summary tables and all listings generated based on the Safety Set.
Full Analysis Set (FAS): The FAS will consist of all randomized subjects who received at least one dose of the IP (TDV or placebo). Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned.
Full Analysis Set for Immunogenicity (FASI): The FASI will be based on the FAS and will consist of all randomized subjects in the subset for whom a valid pre-dosing and at least one valid post-dosing blood sample have been received for immunogenicity. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned.
Per-Protocol Set (PPS): The PPS will consist of all subjects in the FAS who have no major protocol violations as presented in Section 7.2.3 (Table 7.c). 
Per-Protocol Set for Immunogenicity (PPSI): The PPSI will consist of all subjects in the FASI who have no major protocol violations.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
All Screened-Booster: All subjects who agreed to participate in the booster phase, signed the informed consent/assent, regardless of whether the subjects were screen failures or not.
All Enrolled-Booster: All subjects who agreed to participate in the booster phase, signed the informed consent/assent, and were eligible (ie, did not screen fail) to receive the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo) regardless of whether they actually received the booster dose. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned at Day 1 (Month 0).
Safety Set-Booster (SS-B): The SS-B will consist of all subjects 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial (Day 1 [Month 0]) who are included in the PPS and who received the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo). For analyses of solicited AEs (reactogenicity) and unsolicited non-serious AEs, only subjects in the booster immunogenicity subset will be included. For all subjects in the SS-B, SAEs will be assessed during Parts 4 and 5. IP misallocations will be handled in a similar manner as specified for the SS in Parts 1, 2, and 3. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP received during the booster phase.
Full Analysis Set-Booster (FAS-B): The FAS-B will consist of all subjects 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial (Day 1 [Month 0]) who are included in the PPS and who received the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo). Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned at Day 1 (Month 0).
Full Analysis Set for Immunogenicity-Booster (FASI-B): The FASI-B will consist of subjects from the FAS-B who were included in the booster immunogenicity subset and for whom there is a valid pre-booster measurement and at least 1 valid post-booster measurement for immunogenicity assessments. Subjects will be summarized according to the IP to which they were assigned at Day 1 (Month 0).
Per-Protocol Set-Booster (PPS-B): The PPS-B will include all subjects in the FAS-B who have no major protocol violations as presented in Section 7.2.3 (Table 7.d). 
Per-Protocol Set for Immunogenicity-Booster (PPSI-B): The PPSI-B will consist of all subjects in the FASI-B who have no major protocol violations.
Major Protocol Violations and Evaluability Criteria
A major protocol violation is considered to have a potentially significant impact on the efficacy and immunogenicity results of the subject. All protocol violations will be identified prior to unblinding and a clinical judgment will be necessary to classify each deviation as "major" or not. These violations and the judgment regarding their use will be listed and summarized (for all subjects, by region and country) based on the randomized set and separately for the subset as well as for all enrolled-booster and the booster immunogenicity subset. 
The criteria described in this section will be used to identify subjects with major protocol violations which could impact the primary analysis of efficacy and also the immunogenicity results. Subjects meeting these criteria will be excluded from the PPS, PPSI, PPS-B, and PPSI-B described above. Subjects meeting these criteria will be identified and approved prior to database lock and unblinding for Part 1 (PPS and PPSI) and the first interim analysis (IA) for Part 4 (PPS B and PPSI-B). Subjects excluded from the PPS/PPSI and PPS-B/PPSI-B due to receiving incorrect IP will be identified after unblinding for Part 1 or for the first IA of Part 4, respectively. The criteria mentioned in Table 7.c below will be assessed for Part 1 only (primary endpoint timeframe) and will not be changed for other trial parts. Similarly, the criteria mentioned in Table 7.d below will be assessed prior to the first IA for Part 4 and will not be changed for the IA at the end of Part 4 and neither for the final analysis at the end of Part 5. 
These criteria for exclusion of subjects from the PPS sets will be reviewed, approved and documented (in a separate document) prior to database lock and unblinding as part of the blinded data reviews. Any changes to these criteria after approval of the SAP will be documented and approved in a separate document prior to database lock and unblinding.
Table 7.c 	Criteria for Exclusion from PPS and PPSI
Criteria for Exclusion 	Probable Method of Identification
Not receiving both doses of the IP (TDV or placebo) administration	Identified programmatically using dosing data.
Not receiving both doses in the correct interval (refer to windows defined in Table 7.a)
Identified programmatically using dosing data.
Not receiving the assigned IP/dosing schedule [refers to correct administration of active or placebo on Day 1 or Day 90]	Identified after unblinding [eg, subject A who was randomized to TDV but received Placebo, subject who was randomized to placebo but received TDV]
Product preparation error.	Identified through source documents and provided in blinded fashion to the statistician
Subject meets any of exclusion criteria 2d, 3, 4 or 5 (subject to blinded medical review)	Subjects identified programmatically using CRF-recorded data. Subjects will be identified before unblinding, and a blinded review list sent for clinical science review to determine evaluability status for each identified subject. Note that exclusion criteria 2d and 3 identify subjects’ use of prohibited medications prior to enrollment.
Use of prohibited medications/vaccines (subject to blinded medical review)	Potential prohibited medications (Appendix C) to be identified by sending a blinded review list of CRF-recorded medication data for medical review to determine evaluability status for each identified subject.

 
Table 7.d 	Criteria for Exclusion from PPS-B and PPSI-B
Criteria for Exclusion 	Probable Method of Identification
Not receiving the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo) (a)	Identified programmatically using dosing data.
Not having at least 1 valid post-booster measurement for immunogenicity assessments (b)	Identified programmatically using
immunogenicity data
Not receiving the assigned IP/dosing schedule [refers to correct administration of active or placebo on Day 1b]	Identified after unblinding [eg, subject A who was randomized to TDV but received Placebo, subject who was randomized to placebo but received TDV]
Product preparation error.	Identified through source documents and provided in blinded fashion to the statistician
Subject meets any of the booster phase exclusion criteria 2d, 3, 4 or 5 (subject to blinded medical review) and/or didn’t meet the booster phase inclusion criteria 1 (ie, subject is not included in PPS/PPSI).	Identified programmatically using
CRF-recorded data; Identified through
protocol deviation review/medical
review
Use of prohibited medications/vaccines (subject to blinded medical review)	Potential prohibited medications (Appendix C) to be identified by sending a blinded review list of CRF-recorded medication data for medical review to determine evaluability status for each identified subject.
	Subjects with this protocol violation will be excluded from the SS-B, and thus also from the FAS-B/FASI-B and PPS-B/PPSI-B.
	Subjects with this protocol violation will be excluded from FASI-B, and thus also from PPSI-B.
Furthermore, for immunogenicity analyses, samples taken outside the visit windows pre-specified in the trial protocol (see also Table 7.a and Table 7.b) will not be included in the respective visit.
Other major violations may be identified based on blinded data reviews and deviation logs throughout the trial, subject to medical review.
Significant protocol deviations will be summarized based on the randomized set and all enrolled-booster during Parts 1, 2, and 3 and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), respectively. In addition, a listing including all significant protocol deviations will be presented based on all screened and all screened-booster during Parts 1, 2, and 3 and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), respectively.
All protocol deviations related to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic will be summarized based on the randomized set up to end of Part 3. Similar summaries may be provided based on all enrolled-booster during the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), if applicable. These will be presented by trial group and significance (significant/non-significance) and will be repeated for selected subgroups including region, country and site. An additional listing including all protocol deviations related to the COVID-19 pandemic will be presented by subject number, significance, date of the protocol deviation, deviation type and description of the protocol deviation.
Disposition of Subjects 
Trial information will be presented for all screened subjects, including the date the first subject signed the informed consent form, the date of the first subject’s first vaccination, the date of the last subject’s first vaccination, the date of the first’s subject’s second vaccination, the date of the last subject’s second vaccination, the date of first subject first visit/contact and the date of last subject’s last visit/contact. In addition, the date of the first subject’s booster vaccination and the date of the last subject’s booster vaccination will also be presented. Finally, the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) version, the World Health Organization Drug Dictionary (WHODrug) version, and the SAS version used for analysis, will be presented, where applicable.
Number of subjects in all the analysis sets described in Sections 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 will also be summarized.
Parts 1, 2, and 3
The reasons for screen failure will be summarized based on all screened subjects (for all subjects and by region, country and site).
Disposition of all randomized subjects as well as for subjects in the SS will be summarized for each trial group. For the SS disposition will also be summarized by age group, by region, by country, and by combination of region and age group. 
Note: Age group is defined as the age at the time of randomization. When age group is mentioned in the SAP this refers to the age group at the time of randomization. 
The categories will include:
Number of subjects who participated in the dry-run
Number of randomized subjects
Number of subjects randomized but not vaccinated including primary reason for not being vaccinated
Number of subjects who received at least 1 dose of the IP
Number of subjects who received both doses of the IP
Number of subjects who prematurely discontinued before receiving the second dose of the IP including primary reason for discontinuation prior to receipt of second dose 
Number of subjects who completed the trial (by trial part) 
Number of subjects who prematurely discontinued the trial (by trial part)
Primary reason for premature discontinuation of the trial (by trial part)
Number of subjects who agreed to be followed for febrile surveillance
A subject is to be assumed ongoing unless he/she completed the end of trial CRF, indicating either completion or early terminated. Number of subjects screened/enrolled, randomized, and participating in the dry-run and analysis populations by region and country will also be presented. In addition, the number of subjects participated in the dry-run will be summarized. 
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
Disposition for all subjects in the all enrolled-booster analysis set as well as for subjects in the SS-B will be summarized for each trial group. For the SS-B disposition will also be summarized by age group (4-5 years / 6-11 years), by region, by country, and by combination of region and age group.
Note: Only subjects between 4-11 years will be enrolled for the booster phase and therefore the age group 12-16 years is not applicable.
The categories will include:
Number of subjects eligible for the booster phase
Number of subjects non-eligible for the booster phase including reason for not being eligible
Number of subjects not receiving the booster vaccination including primary reason for not being vaccinated
Number of subjects who completed the booster phase (by trial part) 
Number of subjects who prematurely discontinued the booster phase (by trial part) including primary reason for premature discontinuation
Number of subjects who agreed to be followed for febrile surveillance
Demographic and Baseline Characteristics
Parts 1, 2, and 3
Demographic and baseline characteristics will include age, age group (4-5 years / 6-11 years / 12-16 years), gender, body weight, height, BMI, race, region (Asia Pacific / Latin America), country, and will be summarized descriptively by trial group based on the Safety Set, Safety Set-Immunogenicity Subset, the PPS and the PPSI. Demographic and baseline characteristics for the dry-run set will also be summarized.
Summary statistics (number of subjects, mean, median, SD, minimum, and maximum) will be generated for continuous variables and the number and percentage of subjects within each category will be presented for categorical variables. Inferential analyses of demographic data and baseline characteristics will not be performed.
In addition to the overall summary of demographic data and baseline characteristics, summaries by age group (4-5 years / 6-11 years / 12-16 years), region (Asia Pacific / Latin America), country, gender, Dengue baseline seropositivity status (seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype / seronegative for all Dengue serotypes) derived from the immunogenicity data, combination of age group and region (4 5 years and Asia Pacific, 6-11 years and Asia Pacific, 12-16 years and Asia Pacific, 4-5 years and Latin America, 6-11 years and Latin America, and 12-16 years and Latin America), combination of age group and baseline seropositivity status (4-5 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 6-11 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 12-16 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 4-5 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, 6-11 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, and 12-16 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), prior vaccination against Yellow Fever (yes/no), and prior vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis (yes/no) will be provided for the PPS and the PPSI. A sample is considered seropositive if the reciprocal neutralizing titer ≥10. The dengue seropositivity status at baseline will be determined and summarized (overall and for the individual serotypes) for the Safety Set and PPS. Similar subgroups as mentioned above (also including a subgroup by site and also by combination of age group and county) will also be presented for the summaries of baseline seropositivity status.
Individual demographic data and baseline characteristics will be presented in the data listing. 
Demographic data and baseline characteristics of screen failure subjects will be summarized overall, and by region, country and site for subjects who are screened, but not randomized in the trial. These individual data as well as the date of informed consent and reason for screen failure will also be presented in the data listing.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
A similar approach for Parts 1, 2, and 3, as described in Section 7.4.1, will be used to summarize demographic and baseline characteristics in the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5). These will additionally include age at the time of booster vaccination and age at the time of booster vaccination by age group as continuous variables. Descriptive summaries will be provided by trial group based on the SS-B, booster immunogenicity subset, the PPS-B and the PPSI-B.
Medical History and Concurrent Medical Conditions
Medical history and concurrent medical conditions will be coded using the MedDRA coding system. The version of the dictionary used will be specified in the CSR (Clinical Study Report).
In addition, all medical history and concurrent medical condition data will be listed by trial group and subject number and presented based on SS/SS-B, depending on the time of the trial. The listing will also contain system organ class (SOC), preferred term (PT), start and stop dates of the medical history and concurrent medical conditions and the study day/booster vaccination study day when the medical history or concurrent medical condition occurred.
Parts 1, 2, and 3
During Parts 1, 2, and 3, a medical history is defined as any significant condition/disease that stopped at or prior to first dose of IP. Concurrent medical conditions are conditions that are recorded as ongoing at the time the first dose of IP is administered.
Summary tables will be provided by SOC, PT and trial group based on the SS (overall, by region and by country).
Booster Phase
In the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), a medical history is defined as any significant condition/disease that stopped prior to administration of the booster vaccination. Concurrent medical conditions are conditions that are recorded as ongoing on the day of or after booster vaccination is administered.
Summary tables will be provided by SOC, PT and trial group based on the SS-B (overall, by region and by country).
Medication/Vaccination History and Concomitant Medications/Vaccinations
Medication/vaccination history and concomitant medications/vaccinations will be coded using the WHODrug. The version of the dictionary used will be specified in the CSR.
In addition, all medication/vaccination history and concomitant medications/vaccinations will be listed by trial group and subject number and presented on SS/SS-B depending on the time of the trial. The listing will also contain Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) code, preferred medication name, dose, frequency, unit, route, start/stop date and reason for use. 
Parts 1, 2, and 3
During Parts 1, 2, and 3, a prior medication/vaccination (history) is defined as any medication/vaccination that stopped at or prior to first dose of IP. A concomitant medication/ vaccination is any medication/vaccination taken on or after trial vaccination (ie, ongoing at the time the first dose of IP is administered, or taken/administered on/after the first dose of IP) .
Summary tables for medication history will be provided by ATC code, preferred medication name, and trial group based on the SS (overall, by region and by country). Summary tables for vaccination history will be provided by vaccination type, vaccination name, and trial group based on the SS (overall, by region and by country). Additional summary tables will contain more details on prior/ concomitant use of Japanese Encephalitis and Yellow Fever Vaccines based on the SS and Safety Set-Immunogenicity Subset (overall, by region, by country, by age group, by combination of region and age group, and by combination of country and age group). 
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
In the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), a prior medication/vaccination (history) is any medication/vaccination taken before booster vaccination (ie, stopped before the booster dose of trial vaccine). A concomitant medication/vaccination is any medication/vaccination taken on or after booster vaccination (ie, ongoing at the time the booster vaccination, or taken/administered on/after the booster dose of trial vaccine).
Summary tables for medication history will be provided by ATC code, preferred medication name, and trial group based on the SS-B (overall, by region and by country). Summary tables for vaccination history will be provided by vaccination type, vaccination name, and trial group based on the SS-B (overall, by region and by country). Additional summary tables will contain more details on prior/concomitant use of Japanese Encephalitis and Yellow Fever Vaccines based on the SS-B and Safety Set-Booster Immunogenicity Subset (overall, by region, by country, by age group, by combination of region and age group, and by combination of country and age group).
Investigational Product Exposure and Compliance
The investigator records all injections of IP (TDV or placebo) given to the subject in the eCRF. The IP administration date/time information will be listed for each subject. The compliance rate will be summarized for the SS by trial group (including a separate group of subjects who received different IPs at the first and second vaccination [if any]) presenting the number and percentage of subjects who received both doses and the number and percentage of subjects who received the first dose only (overall, by region, by country, by combination of region, country and age group). The duration of follow-up during Parts 1, 2, and 3 will be summarized based on the SS as a continuous variable, and also in categories using intervals of 6 months, ie, 1 – 180 days, 181 – 360 days, 361 – 540 days, etc. The follow-up is defined as the number of days from first or second vaccination until end of the respective analysis reporting period. Similarly, the duration of follow-up during the booster phase will be based on the SS-B as a continuous variable, and also in categories using the same intervals of 6 months, ie, 1 – 180 days,  181 – 360 days, 361 – 540 days, etc. The booster phase follow-up is defined as the number of days from the booster vaccination until end of the respective booster analysis reporting period (ie, end of the trial or the last febrile illness surveillance date, whichever date is later). 
Summaries for duration of follow-up will be provided overall, by region, by country, and by age group.
Time between second vaccination and booster vaccination (day of booster vaccination – day of second vaccination) will be summarized descriptively as a continuous variable based on the SS-B (overall, by region, by country, and by age group). 
Efficacy Analysis
Primary Efficacy Endpoint
The primary efficacy endpoint in this trial is VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype occurring from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until end of Part 1 (see Figure 4.a). VE is defined as 1 – (λV / λC), where λV and λC denote the hazard rates for the TDV and placebo arms, respectively. 
The primary analysis of VE will be done after the 2 criteria for the end of Part 1 are fulfilled: (1) at least 120 cases of VCD have accrued, and (2) the minimum duration of subject follow-up is at least 12 months post-second vaccination.
The primary efficacy objective is considered to be met if the lower bound of the 2-sided 95% CI for the VE is above 25%. The following hypotheses will be tested in a confirmatory manner 2 sided at a significance level of 5%:
H0: 1 – λV/λC ≤ 0.25
H1: 1 – λV/λC > 0.25
For the primary efficacy evaluation, a case of VCD is defined as febrile illness with a positive serotype-specific RT-PCR (ie, positive dengue detection RT-PCR) and occurring at any time starting from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) through the end of Part 1. The primary analysis will be performed on the PPS (ie, for the primary analysis the end of Part 1 will be defined based on the PPS). 
The primary analysis method will be based on a Cox proportional hazard model with trial vaccine as a factor, adjusted for age, and stratified by region, with two-sided 95% CIs provided for the VE. A p-value associated with the primary objective will also be provided. The p-value can be output directly from SAS or manually calculated from SAS PROC PHREG estimates of the regression coefficient associated with the treatment (β ̂) and the related standard error ((SE) ̂) as shown below.
The above hypotheses can be re-written as follows, given that the hazard ratio HR= λV/λC:
H0: HR ≥ 0.75
H1: HR < 0.75
The primary objective is considered to be met if the upper bound of the 2-sided 95% CI for (HR) ̂ is below 0.75.
p-value = P(obtaining a sample HR < observed HR| H0: HR ≥ 0.75)
	If the observed HR<0.75, then the p-value can be obtained by solving the critical value Z in the following equation:
Upper bound of 1-sided (1-p%) CI of HR=0.75
e^[β ̂+Z*(SE) ̂] = 0.75
The 1-sided p-value is 1-(area to the left of the critical value Z from a standard normal distribution). Since the hypotheses will be tested in a confirmatory manner 2-sided at a significance level of 5%, the calculated 1-sided p-value should be compared with 0.025.

	If the observed HR ≥ 0.75, then the p-value = P(obtaining a sample HR < observed HR| H0: HR ≥ 0.75)
= 1-P(obtaining a sample HR > observed HR| HR ≤ 0.75)
P(obtaining a sample HR > observed HR| HR ≤ 0.75) can be obtained by solving the critical value Z in the following equation:
Lower bound of 1-sided (1-p%) CI of HR=0.75
e^[β ̂-Z*(SE) ̂] = 0.75
The 1-sided p-value is the area to the left of the critical value Z from a standard normal distribution. Since the hypotheses will be tested in a confirmatory manner 2-sided at a significance level of 5%, the calculated 1-sided p-value should be compared with 0.025.

Days from 30 days after the second vaccination, where 30 days of the second vaccination is considered the first day, will be used as the time scale. Subjects who withdraw consent or are lost to follow-up will be censored at the time of last contact. Subjects with VCD before the first day (as defined above) will be censored on that day.
For the PPS and FAS discontinued subjects will be censored at the day of discontinuation. For exploratory analyses based on the Safety Set, discontinued subjects who consent for febrile illness follow up will be censored after the day of discontinuation.
Sensitivity analyses of the primary endpoint include: (1) analysis using exact 95% CIs calculated as described by Breslow & Day [2], (2) analysis based on the FAS, and (3) analysis in which cases of VCD were observed at any time post-second vaccination (ie, starting on Day 90 [Month 3]).
Subgroup analyses will be performed based on the PPS in analogy to the primary analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint with a null hypothesis of 1   λV/λC ≤ 0 and will include age group (4-5 years / 6-11 years / 12-16 years), region (Asia Pacific / Latin America), country, gender, baseline seropositivity status (seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype / seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), combination of age group and region (4 5 years and Asia Pacific, 6-11 years and Asia Pacific, 12-16 years and Asia Pacific, 4-5 years and Latin America, 6-11 years and Latin America, and 12-16 years and Latin America), combination of age group and country, combination of age group and baseline seropositivity status (4-5 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 6-11 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 12-16 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 4-5 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, 6-11 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, and 12-16 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), combination of baseline seropositivity status and region, combination of baseline seropositivity status and country, combination of baseline seropositivity status, region and age group, prior vaccination against Yellow Fever (yes/no), and prior vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis (yes/no). Note that for VE analyses from first vaccination, a prior vaccination is defined as a vaccination prior to the first vaccination of IP For all other VE analysis, a prior vaccination is defined as a vaccination occurring before 30 days post-second vaccination. The model for the subgroup analyses by region, by country, by combination of age group and region, and by combination of age group and country will include the IP as a factor and be adjusted for age. All subgroup analyses will be performed in an exploratory manner and are not powered or designed to detect differences in subgroups. Vaccine efficacy will also be summarized by Dengue serotype (for all subjects, by region, baseline seropositivity status, and age group). VCD cases where no serotype can be identified will not be included in the serotype specific analysis.
Efficacy tables will also include number of subjects with febrile illness, number of febrile illness cases, VCD cases, person-years at risk (defined as cumulative time in years until start of VCD fever, until end of the respective trial part or discontinuation date, whichever comes first), incidence density (defined as the number of cases per 100 person-years at risk), and relative risk (calculated as number of events divided by the number of subjects evaluated in the TDV group, over the number of events divided by the number of subjects evaluated in the placebo group) and corresponding 95% CIs. 
Efficacy data (overall and for subgroups) will also be presented using Forest plots.
Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoint
The key secondary efficacy endpoint in this trial is VE of two doses of TDV in preventing hospitalization due to VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype occurring from 30 days post second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until end of Part 2. 
A hierarchical testing strategy will be used and the key secondary efficacy endpoint will only be tested in a confirmatory manner if statistical significance for the primary efficacy endpoint is achieved. Thus, the family wise Type I error rate is strongly controlled for the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoint.
If statistical significance for the primary endpoint is achieved, the following hypotheses will be tested in a confirmatory manner 2-sided at a significance level of 5%:
H0: 1 – λV/λC ≤ 0
H1: 1 – λV/λC > 0
The analysis of the key secondary efficacy endpoint will be based on the PPS and will be assessed using data from Parts 1 and 2. A similar approach as for the primary efficacy endpoint as described in Section 7.8.1 will be used, but statistical significance will be concluded if the lower bound of the 95% CI is >0. 
Subgroup analyses will be performed for the key secondary efficacy endpoint in a similar fashion to the subgroup analyses for the primary endpoint.
Additional Secondary Efficacy Endpoints
Other secondary efficacy endpoints will be analyzed (including subgroup analyses) based on the PPS similar to the key secondary efficacy endpoint as described in Section 7.8.2. These are exploratory only, without adjustment for multiplicity, and include:
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by each dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2 in subjects dengue seronegative at baseline
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2 in subjects dengue seropositive at baseline
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing virologically-confirmed severe dengue induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2
The null hypotheses for these endpoints will be 1 – λV/λC ≤ 0. Consistent with other multivalent vaccines, efficacy against individual serotypes will be analyzed without formal adjustment for multiplicity. 
At the time of the primary endpoint analysis at the end of Part 1, vaccine efficacy with confidence intervals for secondary efficacy endpoints will be included up to the end of Part 1. The formal testing of secondary efficacy endpoints will be provided when Part 2 has concluded and corresponding data are available.
Severity of VCD fever will be determined in two different ways: 
According to an assessment of an independent Dengue Case Adjudication Committee which will assess all hospitalized VCD cases (severe / non-severe) based on criteria pre-defined in a charter. All non-hospitalized VCD cases will be considered “non-severe” for the corresponding endpoint (ie, VE of two doses of TDV in preventing virologically-confirmed severe dengue).
According to the WHO criteria (1997) [4] for Dengue Hemorrhagic Fever (DHF) without applying medical judgment. 
Pharmacokinetic/Pharmacodynamic Analysis
Not applicable.
Other Outcomes
All analyses described in the next sections will be exploratory only.
Vaccine Immunogenicity Endpoints
Parts 1, 2, and 3
For subjects in the subset the following immunogenicity endpoints will be summarized using descriptive statistics and 95% CIs by trial group and for each visit (post-first dose and post second dose):
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for any serotype and for each of the four dengue serotypes at pre vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first dose on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second dose on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15) and then annually.
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for any one (monovalent), two (bivalent), three (trivalent), and four dengue serotypes, as well as at least bivalent (seropositive for ≥2 dengue serotypes) and at least trivalent (seropositive for ≥3 dengue serotypes) at pre vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first dose on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second dose on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15) and then annually.
GMTs of neutralizing antibodies measured by MNT for each dengue serotype at pre-vaccination on Day 1 (Month 0), post-first dose on Day 30 (Month 1), pre vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second dose on Day 120 (Month 4), Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15) and then annually.
Note: For GMTs summary statistics will be calculated based on log-transformed data.
The primary immunogenicity analyses will be performed using the PPSI. Supportive analyses will be provided using the FASI.
Additional summaries of immunogenicity endpoints by age group, region, country, gender, baseline seropositivity status, vaccination against Yellow Fever or Japanese Encephalitis, combinations of: age group and region; age group and country; age group and baseline seropositivity status; region and baseline seropositivity status; country and baseline seropositivity status; region, baseline seropositivity status and age group; country, baseline seropositivity status and age group will be provided. 
Additional summary tables will be provided including cumulative seropositivity. For calculation of cumulative seropositivity, a subject who is “seropositive” for a given serotype at a visit (including baseline) will be considered “seropositive” for that serotype for all subsequent visits. For example, in calculating cumulative multivalent seropositivity, a subject who is trivalent for DENV-1, DENV-2, and DENV-3 at Month 4, and trivalent for DENV-1, DENV-2, DENV-4 at Month 9, is actually cumulatively tetravalent at Month 9.
Selected immunogenicity data will also be presented graphically including GMTs over time, reverse cumulative distribution curves of Dengue neutralizing antibodies and seropositivity rates.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
For subjects in the booster immunogenicity subset the following immunogenicity endpoints will be summarized using descriptive statistics and 95% CIs by trial group and for each visit (pre-booster and post-booster vaccination):
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for each of the 4 dengue serotypes at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Seropositivity rate (% of seropositive subjects) for multiple (any 2, 3 or 4) dengue serotypes at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Note: Seropositivity is defined as a reciprocal neutralizing titer ≥10
GMTs of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b), Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b), and Day 760b (Month 25b).
	GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 180b (Month 6b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 395b (Month 13b).
GMR of neutralizing antibodies (MNT50) for each dengue serotype at pre-booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) versus post-booster vaccination on Day 760b (Month 25b).
Note: For GMTs summary statistics will be calculated based on log-transformed data. GMR is defined as the ratio of post-booster vaccination GMT / pre-booster vaccination GMT. For the pre-booster GMT on Day 1b (Month 0b), only subjects with a seropositive titer for the respective dengue serotype will be considered.
Analyses will be performed using the PPSI-B. Supportive analyses will be provided using the FASI-B.
Additional summaries of immunogenicity endpoints by age group, region, country, gender, baseline seropositivity status, vaccination against Yellow Fever or Japanese Encephalitis and combinations of selected subgroups will be provided. 
Additional summary tables will be provided including cumulative seropositivity based on data from Part 1 through Part 5 using the same approach as for analyses provided for Part 1, 2, and Part 3 (see Section 7.10.1.1). 
Selected immunogenicity data will also be presented graphically including GMTs over time, reverse cumulative distribution curves of Dengue neutralizing antibodies and seropositivity rates. 
Correlate of Protection
Parts 1, 2, and 3
Immunogenicity data from subjects with confirmed dengue as well as those in the subset will be used to evaluate a potential correlate of protection. A number of different approaches will be used for analysis.
The primary evaluation of the correlates of protection will be based on all PPS subjects of the subset and VCD fever cases. Separate analyses are planned across all serotypes as well as based on the individual serotypes as appropriate, though the sample size may be too small to draw conclusions, especially for the less frequent serotypes.
The specific candidate correlate measures to be evaluated will be GMTs for each serotype, evaluated on Day 120, Day 270 and Day 450, computed from the MNT assay. All analyses will be conducted at the 5% two-sided significance level. Descriptive analyses will be performed as preliminary to the immune correlates evaluations that examine the distributions of the candidate correlate measures by trial group as well as their association with baseline GMTs.
Two complementary statistical strategies will be used to assess immune correlates of protection. The ability to execute each of these two strategies will depend on the nature of the distributions of the candidate correlate measures for each trial group as well as their relationship to GMT measurements obtained at baseline.
The first strategy for assessing immune correlates of protection will aim to establish the candidate correlate measures as mediators of the protective effect of the vaccine. This strategy is based on evaluation of the Prentice Criteria [3] and will be executed by first assessing the candidate correlate measures as immune correlates of risk within each of the trial groups separately. These evaluations will be performed using Cox proportional hazards models (adjusted for age and stratified by region, with/without baseline seropositivity status as covariate) to relate the candidate measures to risk for clinical disease among vaccines and among placebo recipients. The second step in this analysis is to evaluate the homogeneity of those correlates of risk regression models across the two trial groups by Cox proportional hazards models that include both trial IP and immune response terms as well as their interaction and the same adjustments as stated for the first step. A Base model not including the interaction term will be used in addition and compared with the model including the interaction using the Likelihood Ratio Test.
If the Prentice criteria analysis in the first strategy demonstrates some ability of immune responses to mediate vaccine-induced protection and if some baseline variables are found to be predictive of the mediating immune responses then estimation of VE curves will be pursued as the second strategy.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
Immunogenicity data from subjects with confirmed dengue during the booster phase as well as those in the booster immunogenicity subset will be used to evaluate a potential correlate of protection. A similar approach for Parts 1, 2, and 3, as described in Section 7.10.2.1, will be used for analysis based on PPS-B/PPSI-B. The specific candidate correlate measures will be evaluated on Day 30b (Month 1b).
Other Exploratory Endpoints
Parts 1, 2, and 3
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2.
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified between the first and second vaccination (ie, Day 1 until Day 90).
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from 30 days post-first vaccination until second vaccination (ie, Day 31 until Day 90).
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 1.
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 2.
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe virologically-confirmed and hospitalized dengue fever identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe virologically-confirmed and hospitalized dengue fever identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to assess VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120) until end of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to assess VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified during Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to assess VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified in 12 months intervals after completion of Part 1 (ie, Part 2 and the first 6 months of Part 3, months 7-18 within Part 3, and months 19-30 within Part 3).
Analyses will be performed to describe severe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe severe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
VE will be derived in a similar fashion as for the primary and secondary endpoints. The analyses will be conducted in the PPS subjects who are in the trial at the beginning of the respective timeframe with the time scale shifted accordingly. Subgroup analyses will be performed in a similar fashion to the subgroup analyses for the other efficacy endpoints. Some analysis will be repeated based on the Safety Set, ie, all subjects who received at least one dose of IP.
Profiles of IgG, IgM, NS1 and RT-PCR during cases of febrile illness (post-first and post-second dose) will be summarized using descriptive statistics and 95% CIs by trial group and different trial intervals based on the Safety Set.
In case of multiple acute/convalescent samples within a febrile illness episode (which could occur due to protocol deviations), only the earliest one is used in the analyses. However, all data are included in listings. If a fever onset date is missing it will be replaced with the earliest general symptom date related to that particular febrile illness. Febrile illness general symptom start and end dates will be used to calculate duration of general symptoms.
For febrile illnesses with onset outside 30 days of each vaccination VCD is based on dengue detection RT-PCR. For febrile illnesses with onset within 30 days of each vaccination VCD is based on three PCRs: dengue detection RT-PCR, vaccine screening PCR and TDV sequencing.
In addition, clinical signs, symptoms and laboratory data of all VCD, hospitalized VCD and severe VCD cases due to any serotype will be summarized by trial group and different trial intervals based on the Safety Set. For selected symptomatology relative risks (calculated as annual incidence in TDV group divided by annual incidence in Placebo group) will be calculated. Summaries will also be provided by baseline seropositivity status and age group.
Titers from all VCD cases may also be summarized descriptively.  
Cumulative incidence plots for VCD cases as well as for hospitalized VCD cases will be provided.
Descriptive statistics for serotype distribution in VCD cases, hospitalized VCD cases, severe VCD cases for the different trial intervals will be provided for the overall population and by baseline seropositivity status, age-group, region and country. 
Descriptive statistics on surveillance performance metrics (ie, percentage of febrile illness cases in which acute samples were taken within 5 days of febrile illness) during dry-run, active surveillance and modified active surveillance (by first half of Part 3 and second half of Part 3) by region, country and site will be provided.
Summary tables (overall as well as by baseline seropositivity status, region and country) for febrile illness cases confirmed by RT-PCR and/or NS1 during dry-run, active surveillance and modified active surveillance phases will include number of cases and incidence density including 95% CIs. Additional sensitivity analysis of VE may be performed using different dengue diagnostics, eg, NS1 only.
Impact of TDV on characterization of suspected dengue cases (ie, all febrile illness cases according to the definition in the protocol) will be explored by comparing VCD and serologically diagnosed dengue (using IgM and IgG ELISA) in the vaccine and placebo groups (overall and by baseline seropositivity status). Anti-dengue IgM and IgG levels from acute and convalescent samples will be used to derive proportions of febrile illness cases with probable dengue based on the following serological criteria: (1) IgM positive acute or convalescent sample, or (2) IgG positive acute sample and at least a 4-fold increase between acute and convalescent sample. The mean immune status ratio and mean ratio of immune status ratios for IgG and IgM as well as corresponding 95% CIs will be calculated for febrile illness cases with VCD, non-VCD and probable dengue with non-VCD. Sensitivity will be calculated as the number of probable dengue cases (as defined by the IgM and IgG serological criteria above)  divided by the number of VCD cases. Specificity will be calculated as the number of cases which do not meet the probable dengue definition (non-probable dengue cases) divided by the number of non-VCD cases. 
Sensitivity = (number of probable dengue cases)/(number of VCD cases)
Specificity = (number of non-probable dengue cases)/(number of non-VCD cases)
Annualized incidence of probable dengue cases over time following vaccination in the TDV and placebo groups will be summarized. These data may also be presented as graphs.
Profiles of VCD cases by RT-PCR, positive cases by NS1 and probable dengue by serological diagnosis will be summarized and plotted for concordance of dengue diagnosis. Sensitivity analysis may be performed by different levels of immune status ratios for IgG and IgM to define probable dengue cases.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by each dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any and each dengue serotype in dengue seronegative subjects at baseline from 30 days post booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing VCD fever induced by any and each dengue serotype in dengue seropositive subjects at baseline from 30 days post booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing hospitalization due to VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE of a TDV booster dose in preventing virologically confirmed severe dengue fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-booster vaccination (Day 30b [Month 1b]) until the end of Part 4 and Part 5 separately, and for Parts 4 and 5 combined.
VE will be derived in a similar fashion as described for Parts 1, 2, and 3.
In terms of censoring for the VE analyses, days from 30 days after the booster vaccination, where 30 days of the booster vaccination (between Day 1b [Month 0b] and on Day 30b [Month 1b]) is considered the first day, will be used as the time scale. Subjects who withdraw consent or are lost to follow-up will be censored at the time of last contact. VCD cases that happened prior to the booster vaccination during Part 1, 2, or 3 will be ignored, ie, only subjects with VCD between Day 1b (Month 0b) and Day 30b (Month 1b] will be censored on the first day as defined above. Other censoring approaches may be considered, if appropriate. 
Other exploratory analyses will be performed in a similar way as described in Section 7.10.3.1, with the exception that profiles of IgG, IgM and NS1 will only be collected and summarized for hospitalized febrile illness cases.
Key analyses performed in Part 1, 2, and 3 may be repeated in the trial population who received the booster for comparability of results between pre-booster vaccination and post-booster vaccination.   
Sensitivity Analyses to assess impact of COVID-19 pandemic
Additional sensitivity analyses and/or summary tables will be performed to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Sensitivity analyses for IA of first half of Part 3 (ie, 18 months after end of Part 2) 
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype occurring between two and three years post-second vaccination ie, Month 28 to Month 39, and between 30 days post-second vaccination until 18 months after end of Part 2 will be assessed considering a reduced follow-up time due to the pandemic. A modified censoring approach will be applied for subjects participating at sites that were impacted by the COVID-19 by censoring on the WHO pandemic declaration date of March 11, 2020 [5].
Impact on neutralizing antibodies measured by MNT50 will also be assessed, presenting the number of MNT50 samples that were expected, actually collected within protocol defined visit window, and missing due to COVID-19. This presentation will be repeated for selected subgroups including region, country and site. GMTs and seropositivity rates will also be summarized (by baseline seropositivity status and combination of region and baseline seropositivity status) using the analysis visit window defined for the FASI instead of the PPSI. 
Descriptive statistics on surveillance performance metrics (eg, percentage of febrile illness cases in which acute samples were taken within 5 days of febrile illness) will be repeated overall, and for selected subgroups including region, country and site, to assess the impact of the pandemic on these numbers. 
In addition, the follow-up time impacted due to the pandemic will be summarized by trial group. Impacted follow-up time is defined as the amount of time subject could not be followed due to the start of pandemic (ie, regular end of follow-up date – start date of pandemic + 1 day). The regular end of FU date is defined as 3 years post-second vaccination or, if prior to 3 years post-second vaccination, the latest date between trial discontinuation date or last surveillance contact date.
Subjects impacted/not impacted by the pandemic will also be summarized by age groups (4-5 years / 6-11 years / 12-16 years) and trial groups, as well as by region and countries.
All information on the COVID-19 Impact eCRF will also be presented in a separate data listing.
For IA beyond the 18 months after end of Part 2 (first half of Part 3), and depending on the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional analyses may be required to assess this impact.
Key analyses performed in Part 1, 2, and 3 may be repeated in the trial population who received the booster for comparability of results between pre-booster vaccination and post-booster vaccination.   
Safety Analysis
All summaries of safety data will be based on subjects in the SS during Parts 1, 2, and 3 and 
SS-B during the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5). Safety data will be summarized by trial group. No inferential analyses of safety data will be performed. Unless otherwise stated, data imputation will not be performed for any missing safety data.
Adverse Events
In Parts 1, 2, and 3, summaries will be provided post-first dose, post-second dose and post-any dose. For analyses of solicited and unsolicited AEs only subjects from the subset will be included. SAEs, related AEs and AEs leading to vaccine or trial withdrawal will be summarized for all subjects. AEs for subjects in the subset and all SAEs will be collected and analyzed for Part 1 and Part 2. For Part 3, all deaths, related SAEs and SAEs deemed relevant in the context of vaccine safety by the investigator will be analyzed. Summaries will be provided for Part 1, Part 2, Part 1 and Part 2 combined, and for Part 3. In addition, summaries will be provided at 12 month-intervals after completion of Part 1 (ie, Part 2 and the first 6 months of Part 3, months 7-18 within Part 3, months 19-30 within Part 3, and >months 30).
In the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), similar summaries as described above for Parts 1, 2, and 3 will be provided post booster vaccination. For analyses of solicited and unsolicited AEs only subjects from the booster immunogenicity subset will be included. AEs for subjects in the booster immunogenicity subset and all SAEs will be collected and analyzed for Part 4 and Part 5. Summaries will be provided for Part 4, Part 5 and for Part 4 and Part 5 combined. 
Reactogenicity
For subjects in the immunogenicity subset in Part 1, solicited local AEs (injection site pain, injection site erythema, and injection site swelling) and solicited systemic AEs (child <6 years: fever, irritability/fussiness, drowsiness and loss of appetite; child ≥6 years: asthenia, fever, headache, malaise and myalgia) will be assessed during the first 30 minutes (both local and systemic) by the investigator, and for 7 days (local) and 14 days (systemic) following each vaccination (vaccination day included) via collection of diary cards. For subjects in the booster immunogenicity subset in the booster phase (Parts 4), solicited local AEs (injection site pain, injection site erythema, and injection site swelling) and solicited systemic AEs (asthenia, fever, headache, malaise and myalgia) will be assessed for 7 days and 14 days. 
The presence and severity of each solicited symptom will be collected using diary cards. The subject/legal guardian will record the severity of each AE (except erythema, swelling and temperature) according to the diary card instruction as none, mild, moderate, or severe. These grades will be entered onto the eCRF. For the local AEs erythema and swelling, the subject/legal guardian will record the length of the longest diameter. For the systemic AE fever, the subject/legal guardian will record the body temperature in either degrees Fahrenheit or degrees Celsius. For the analysis all data will be displayed in °C. Severity grades for erythema and swelling will be derived from the recorded diameters, and fever will be derived from the recorded body temperature measurements and presented using the proposed temperature increments published by the Brighton Collaboration [6]. 
Details of solicited local and systemic AEs and intensity scales are given in Appendix B. For solicited AEs, missing data will be handled as follows. For each trial group and solicited AE, the denominator for the percentage will exclude subjects with completely missing data (ie, subject does not have at least one recorded result of none, mild, moderate, or severe) and subjects with implausible data for body temperature (ie, <30°C and >45°C) for the solicited AE in the period being summarized.
In Part 1, summary tables will be presented by age category (child <6 years / child ≥6 years). The percentage of subjects will be summarized by event severity: 30 minutes after each dose, for each day after each dose (Days 1 to 7 and after Day 7 for local AEs and Days 1 to 14 and after Day 14 for systemic AEs relative to each dose), and overall. A summary of the day of first onset of each event will also be provided. The number of days subjects experienced each event will also be summarized for each trial group. For subjects with more than 1 episode of the same event, the maximum severity will be used for tabulations. In the booster phase (Part 4), similar summaries will be presented by event severity for each day after booster vaccination (Days 1 to 7 for local AEs and Days 1 to 14 days for systemic AEs), and overall. A similar summary of the day of first onset of each event will also be provided.
For Part 1, additional summaries will be performed by age group (4-5 years [corresponds to age category “child <6 years”] / 6-11 years / 12-16 years), region (Asia Pacific / Latin America), country, gender, baseline seropositivity status (seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype / seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), combination of age group and region (4-5 years and Asia Pacific, 6 11 years and Asia Pacific, 12-16 years and Asia Pacific, 4-5 years and Latin America, 6 11 years and Latin America, and 12-16 years and Latin America), combination of age group and baseline seropositivity status (4-5 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 6-11 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 12-16 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 4-5 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, 6-11 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, and 12-16 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), prior vaccination against Yellow Fever (yes/no), and prior vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis (yes/no) for selected tables. Similar summaries will be repeated for the booster phase (Part 4), but for age groups 4-5 years and 6-11 years only.
Any AE captured on the AE eCRF that is a prolonged solicited AE (ie, continues beyond Day 7 [for local AEs] or Day 14 [for systemic AEs]) will not be included in any unsolicited AE summary or listing. Prolonged solicited AEs will be presented in a separate listing.
Unsolicited Adverse Events
Unsolicited AEs (immunogenicity subset only) and SAEs (all subjects), will be coded according to MedDRA and summarized by primary SOC and PT for each trial group. Related AEs/SAEs and AEs/SAEs leading to withdrawal from the trial will also be summarized.
All unsolicited AEs up to 28 days after each dose (including booster vaccination) will be included in the analyses of all AEs. For SAEs and AEs leading to subject withdrawal from Parts 1, 2, and 3, the whole Parts 1, 2 and 3 period will be included. Similarly, for SAEs and AEs leading to subject withdrawal from the booster phase of the trial, the Parts 4 and 5 will be included. In general, unsolicited AEs will be tabulated at each of the following levels: overall summary (subject with at least 1 AE) and by SOC and PT. Subjects reporting more than 1 occurrence for SOC or PT being summarized will be counted only once. Percentages will be based on the number of subjects in the Safety Set who received the respective trial dose. Unsolicited AEs will be summarized as follows: by SOC and PT including events with frequency greater than 2% in any trial group; by SOC and PT; by SOC, PT, and severity; and by SOC, PT, and relationship to the IP. 
Unsolicited AEs during Part 1 will be summarized in the following ways: 
Onset within 28 days after dose 1
Onset within 28 days after dose 2
Onset within 28 days after any dose
Unsolicited AEs during booster phase (Part 4) will be summarized by onset within 28 days after booster vaccination.
Additional summaries will be performed by age group (4-5 years / 6-11 years / 12-16 years), region (Asia Pacific / Latin America), country, gender, baseline seropositivity status (seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype / seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), combination of age group and region (4-5 years and Asia Pacific, 6-11 years and Asia Pacific, 12-16 years and Asia Pacific, 4-5 years and Latin America, 6-11 years and Latin America, and 12-16 years and Latin America), combination of age group and baseline seropositivity status (4-5 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 6-11 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 12-16 years and seropositive for at least 1 Dengue serotype, 4-5 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, 6-11 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes, and 12-16 years and seronegative for all Dengue serotypes), prior vaccination against Yellow Fever (yes/no), and prior vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis (yes/no) for selected tables.   Similar summaries will be repeated for the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), but for age groups 4-5 years and 6-11 years only.
In addition, a summary of most frequent non-serious unsolicited AEs will be prepared by SOC and PT including events with frequency greater than 2% in any trial group to provide this information for Clinicaltrials.gov.
Summary tables including non-serious unsolicited AEs by SOC and PT with frequency greater than 2% in any trial group, SAEs by SOC and PT, as well as AEs leading to IP withdrawal or trial discontinuation by SOC and PT will include a separate group of subjects who received different IPs at first, second vaccination or booster vaccination (if any).
Subject mappings (ie, list of subject numbers in each category of SOC and PT, and each trial group) will be provided for unsolicited AEs, SAEs, and AEs leading to IP withdrawal or trial discontinuation.
An additional table summarizing the proportion of subjects with SAEs by calendar month from two until three years post-second vaccination overall, and by country, will also be presented to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The proportions will be estimated based on the number of subjects followed-up in the trial at the beginning of each month. For IA beyond the 18 months after end of Part 2 (first half of Part 3), and depending on the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional analyses may be required to assess this impact.
Clinical Laboratory Evaluations
Not applicable.
Vital Signs
Parts 1, 2, and 3
The vital signs collected in the trial include systolic and diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, body temperature, and weight and height. Note that height will only be measured at Day 1 (Month 0) and Day 120 (Months 4) for all subjects and at Day 450 (Months 15) and then yearly in Part 3 for the subset. Vital signs will be summarized descriptively by visit (overall, by region, by country, and by age group), and individual subject data will be presented in the listing by trial group, trial site, subject number, collection date/time, and measurement parameters. For body temperature only values between 30°C and 45°C will be included in the summaries. However, all data will be included in listings.
Measurements are taken for all subjects on Day 30 (Month 1), Day 120 (Month 4) or early termination visit (if applicable), and in the subset at all trial visits subsequent to Visit 4 (Day 120 [Month 4]). 
Descriptive statistics (number of subjects, mean, median, SD, minimum and maximum) of vital sign parameters (observed and change from baseline) except the height will be summarized by trial group at each visit. Only vital signs measurements at the scheduled visits will be included in the summaries.
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
The vital signs will be summarized in a similar manner as described in Section 7.11.3.1. Measurements (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, body temperature, and weight) will be performed prior to booster vaccination on Day 1b (Month 0b) and on Day 30b (Month 1b), and for the booster immunogenicity subset also at all subsequent visits. Note: Measurement of height is not required at Day 30b (Month 1b).
Other Observations Related to Safety
Vaccine viremia (assessed by three PCRs: dengue detection RT-PCR, vaccine screening PCR and TDV sequencing) in subjects with febrile illness within 30 days after each vaccination including booster will be presented based on the SS and SS-B (overall, by age group and baseline seropositivity status). 
The number of subjects with non-missing assessment, mean, associated 2-sided 95% CI and associated SD, median, minimum, and maximum will be presented for vaccine RNA levels (expressed as log10 [copies/mL]) for each of the four TDV strains (TDV-1, TDV-2, TDV-3, TDV-4).
The proportion of febrile illness cases with vaccine viremia along with exact 2-sided 95% CI, will be presented for each TDV strain. The exact 2-sided 95% CI of incidence rate will be calculated based on the Clopper-Pearson method [7].
Information from replication competent virus propagation and attenuation loci sequencing will be summarized.
All febrile illness cases, febrile illness cases clinically diagnosed as dengue, clinical signs, symptoms and laboratory data of febrile illness cases, solicited AEs and unsolicited AEs within 30 days after each vaccination will be presented according to the presence of vaccine viremia with or without reversion of attenuation loci (based on replication competent virus propagation and attenuation loci sequencing). 
Interim Analysis
Parts 1, 2, and 3
This is a partially case-driven trial with the primary efficacy analysis planned after the 2 criteria for the end of Part 1 have been fulfilled (see Section 4.4).
At the time of primary analysis of VE following the completion of Part 1 of the trial, external vendors (Clinical Research Organizations [CROs]) who are involved in the analyses will be unblinded at an individual subject level in order to analyze and summarize the trial data. Takeda will receive summary tables containing aggregated data by trial group for the primary analysis of Part 1 and at the time of any subsequent analyses. A small group of Takeda personnel will also have access to individual level unblinded data. In order to maintain the double-blind design, investigators, site staff, subjects, as well as Takeda staff and external vendors advising sites on trial conduct will remain blinded to individual subject level trial group allocation for the trial duration. There will be blinded and unblinded trial teams at Takeda and within the external vendors. The blinded team may have access to group unblinded results (eg, publications) but will remain blinded to subject level data for the duration of the trial and will remain responsible for all further activities during trial conduct after unblinding for the primary analysis.
The number of virologically-confirmed cases of dengue fever identified by the time of the primary endpoint analysis may not be sufficient to assess less common events such as dengue fever due to a specific serotype or severe dengue. Therefore, it is proposed that active surveillance will continue for an additional 6 months after the analysis of the primary endpoint. Consequently, analysis of the secondary efficacy endpoints would then be based on cases occurring at any time from 1 month after the second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4] until 6 months after the end of Part 1 (ie, until the end of Part 2). As a result, data from the additional 6 months surveillance for secondary efficacy endpoints will not be available at the same time as the primary endpoint.
Assuming a 1.0% incidence rate by the end of Part 1 (minimum 12 months after the second vaccination for each subject), it is estimated that approximately 180 evaluable cases will accrue by the end of the additional 6 months of observation (ie, an additional ~60 cases). These additional cases will improve the power for assessment of secondary endpoints, including serotype-specific efficacy.
In addition, the number and percentage of subjects with VCD, virologically confirmed and hospitalized dengue, as well as subjects with fatal SAEs and related SAEs, will be summarized for the first half (18 months) and second half (18 months) of Part 3 when such data become available. 
Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5)
At the time of IA for the booster phase of the trial, CROs who are involved in the analyses will be unblinded at an individual subject level in order to analyze and summarize the trial data. Takeda will receive summary tables containing aggregated data by trial group. A small group of Takeda personnel will also have access to individual level unblinded data. In order to maintain the double-blind design, investigators, site staff, subjects, as well as Takeda staff and external vendors advising sites on trial conduct will remain blinded to individual subject level trial group allocation for the trial duration. There will be blinded and unblinded trial teams at Takeda and within the external vendors. The blinded team may have access to group unblinded results (eg, via publications) but will remain blinded to subject level data for the duration of the trial and will remain responsible for all further activities during trial conduct after unblinding for the exploratory analyses.
Interim Analysis and Reporting
IAs are planned for Part 1, Part 2, 2-year follow-up post-second dose, 3-year follow up post-second dose, at the end of Part 3, 30 days (1 month) post-booster vaccination (immunogenicity and safety data), and Part 4. A final analysis will be performed upon trial completion (ie, at the end of Part 5).
At the time of this SAP amendment, an Interim CSR has been prepared for the results from the dry-run, Part 1, and Part 2. A second Interim CSR will be prepared for data until 6 months after the end of Part 2 (2-year follow-up post-second dose). Additional reports for the results from Parts 3, 4, and 5, including further Interim CSRs, will be prepared if required for internal use and/or for regulatory submission. A Final CSR will be prepared upon trial completion and will include results for the trial duration.
Changes in the Statistical Analysis Plan 
The SAP describes additional analyses/summaries that may be provided to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as compared to the protocol. In addition, some details are added to some sections for further clarification.

Amendment History
Date	Amendment Number
21 May 2015	Initial Analysis Plan
18 Nov 2015	1
04 Oct 2016	2
02 Oct 2018	3
24 Sep 2020	4
Summary of Changes
This section describes major changes to previous SAP versions.
Final Version	Section	Description of Change
2.0	General 	The main rationale for this amended SAP was the Amendment to Protocol Version 2.0, dated 17 Dec 2014. Minor grammatical and editorial changes are included for clarification purposes only.
	1.0
Administrative updates
	4.4; 7.1-7.12; 
Appendix A 
Update of study design, study visits, procedures; removal of conditional booster; addition of second dose
	4.0; 5.0; 7.8.2-7.11.3
Update of objectives and endpoints
	6.0
Update on sample size justification
	7.8; 7.10; 7.11; 7.12
Update of statistical analyses based on the changed study design
	7.8; 7.10
Change from FAS to PPS for the primary analysis of the efficacy and immunogenicity endpoints due to change from 1 dose to 2 doses
	7.8.1; 7.8.2
Change in handling of multiplicity 
There is only one key-secondary efficacy endpoint which will be tested in a confirmatory manner only if statistical significance for the primary endpoint is achieved. No adjustment for the significance level of 5% is needed due to this hierarchical testing strategy.
	7.10.3
Update on other exploratory endpoints
2.0	7.11.3 
(removal of former APPENDIX C)	Summaries for markedly abnormal values removed
For this study in healthy subjects, marked abnormal values for vital signs are not applicable, as vital signs are being collected only at selected visits to confirm the healthy status of study participants.
	7.12
Update on Interim Analysis section for further clarity
	Appendix B 
Clarification added regarding solicited AE severity/intensity categories
3.0	General	The main rationale for this amended SAP was the feedback on the SAP Version 2.0 from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) received on 23 December 2015. Minor grammatical and editorial changes are included for clarification purposes only.
	1.0
Administrative updates
	3.0
Further abbreviations added
	7.1
Methods for handling of missing data, and of values below the lower limit of quantification were added for immunogenicity. Clarification was added on how to present subgroup analyses with categories <5% of the total number of subjects within trial groups. Strategy for handling of subjects who received Dengvaxia during the study was added.
	7.2.3
Addition of an exclusion criterion for the PPSI for immunogenicity analysis regarding samples taken outside the visit windows pre-specified in the study protocol.
	7.8.1; 7.8.3
Additional subgroups (vaccination against Yellow Fever and against Japanese Encephalitis) and further clarification for efficacy analysis were added.
	7.10.1
Further clarification for analysis of immunogenicity endpoints was added.
3.0	7.10.3
Addition of further exploratory analyses to assess 
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120) until end of Part 3, identified during Part 3, and identified in 12 months intervals after completion of Part 1
VE of two doses of TDV in preventing VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype from 30 days post-second vaccination (Day 120 [Month 4]) until the end of Part 2.
	7.11.1
Addition of summaries for solicited AEs 30 minutes after vaccination.
Additional summaries by 12 months intervals after completion of Part 1 were added as for efficacy.
Intervals for the analysis of unsolicited AEs have been removed taking into account the timing of vaccine viremia which has been shown in previous studies to have an onset mostly between one to three weeks after vaccination.
	7.11.4
Vaccine viremia analyses were added.
	7.12
Additional CSR addendum was added.
	8.0
Reference #4 was added.
	Appendix B 
Fever categories for the summary tables were added.
4.0	General	The main rationale for this amended SAP was the feedback on the SAP Version 3.0 from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) received on 03 April 2017 and the amendment to the study protocol which clarifies that blinded study team members might have access to published group unblinded study data. Minor grammatical and editorial changes are included for clarification purposes only.
	1.0
Administrative updates
	7.1
Clarifications were added on how to handle subjects who received Dengvaxia during the course of the study. Text regarding handling of missing/partial AE/CM dates was updated for consistency across Dengue studies. Clarification was added that p-values will only be calculated for the primary and key-secondary endpoint. Analysis visit windows were updated to ensure visit window calculation is calculated relative to days of IP administration and consistent across dengue studies. Clarifications for the definition of end of Part 1 for subjects who didn’t receive the second dose or discontinued the study during Part 1 were added. 
	7.2
Handling of possible IP misallocations was added to the Safety Set. The Dry Run Set was added. Clarification that PPS and PPSI will be defined for the primary endpoint timeframe only and kept unchanged for other study parts was added.
	7.3 -7.7
Clarifications regarding definitions, subgroups and analysis sets were added.
	7.8.1
Calculation of p-value for the primary endpoint was added. Some further clarifications on subgroup analysis and censoring were added.
	7.10.1
Clarifications on subgroup analysis and cumulative seropositivity were added. 
	7.10.2
Clarifications to correlate of protection analysis were added.
	7.10.3
Addition of further exploratory analyses to assess 
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from 30 days post-first vaccination until second vaccination (ie, Day 31 until Day 90).
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 1.
VE of TDV in preventing VCD fever identified from first vaccination (Day 1) until end of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe severe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the first half (18 months) of Part 3.
Analyses will be performed to describe severe VCD fever induced by any dengue serotype identified during the second half (18 months) of Part 3.
Additional clarifications for exploratory analyses were added.
	7.11
Clarifications regarding subgroup analysis, prolonged solicited AEs, vaccine viremia were added. Handling of implausible values for body temperature was added.
	7.12
Clarifications on blinding/unblinding for Part 1 and subsequent analyses as well as for Clinical Study Report preparation were added based on the Amended Protocol Version 4.0, dated 27 August 2018. 
	8.0
The reference to the study protocol was updated.
5.0	General	The main rationale for this amended SAP was the amendment to the trial protocol adding a booster phase to give the opportunity to administer a booster dose of TDV to assess vaccine efficacy against VCD and addition of sensitivity analyses to assess the impact on the COVID-19 pandemic. Minor grammatical and editorial changes are included for clarification purposes only.
	4.2
Wording for one of the secondary objectives was aligned with protocol. No actual change in the objectives.
	4.3
Split into exploratory objectives in Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 4.3.1) and the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 4.3.2).
	4.4
Split into study design in Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 4.4.1) and the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 4.4.2). Additional information added to Parts 1, 2, and 3 relating to the handling of febrile illness cases (suspected dengue cases) and procedures, to align with the protocol.
	4.5
Split into study duration during Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 4.5.1) and the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 4.5.2).
	5.3
Split into exploratory endpoints for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 5.3.1) and the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 5.3.2).
	6.0
Split into determination of sample size for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 6.1) and the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 6.2).
	7.1
Information (e.g. analysis visit window table) was added to account for the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5). A definition of end of Part 3 for subjects who had completed Part 3 already or didn’t complete Part 3 prior to enrollment into the booster phase (Part 4) was also included.
	7.2
Split into analysis sets for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.2.1) and for booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.2.2).
	7.2.3
Addition of protocol deviation text related to the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) and inclusion of a “Criteria for Exclusion from PPS-B and PPSI-B” table. Also, clarifications on the presentation of significant protocol deviations and protocol deviations related to COVID-19 were added.
	7.3
Trial information categories and a summary of all analysis sets were added. Sub-sections 7.3.1 and 7.3.2 were also created to summarize the disposition of subjects in Parts 1, 2, and 3 and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5), respectively.  
	7.4
Split into demographic and baseline characteristics in Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.4.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.4.2).
	7.5
Clarifications on the presentation of medical history and concurrent medical conditions were added, as well as a split by Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.5.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.5.2). 
	7.6
Clarifications on the presentation of medication/vaccination history and concomitant medications/vaccinations were added, as well as a split by Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.6.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.6.2).
	7.7
Duration of follow-up and follow-up duration categories for the booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) were added as well as time between second vaccination and booster vaccination.
	7.10.1
Split into other vaccine immunogenicity endpoints for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.10.1.1) and for booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.10.1.2).
	7.10.2
Split into correlate of protection for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.10.2.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.10.2.2).
	7.10.3
Split into other exploratory endpoints for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.10.3.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.10.3.2).
	7.10.3.3
Sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic were added in a separate section.
	7.11
Text was added to mention that booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) AE data will be summarized by SS-B.
	7.11.1
Clarifications regarding the inclusion of booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) AE analyses, were added.
	7.11.3
Split into vital signs for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.11.3.1) and booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.11.3.2).
	7.11.4
Text was added to mention that booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) viremia data etc. will also be summarized by SS-B. Clopper-Pearson reference was added.
	7.12
Split into an interim analysis description for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Section 7.12.1) and for booster phase (Parts 4 and 5) (Section 7.12.2). A separate section (Section 7.12.3) was included to describe the interim analysis reporting for all parts of the study.
	7.13
Section was updated to state additional analyses for the impact assessment of the COVID-19 pandemic.
	8.0
Clopper-Pearson reference was added.
REFERENCES
Phase III, Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial to Investigate the Efficacy, Safety and Immunogenicity of a Tetravalent Dengue Vaccine (TDV) Administered Subcutaneously in Healthy Children Aged 4 – 16 Years Old. Takeda Vaccines, Inc. Protocol No. DEN-301 Version 6.0 dated 18 May 2020.
Breslow NE, Day NE. Statistical methods in cancer research. Volume II--the design and analysis of cohort studies. Lyon, France: International Agency for Research on Cancer, 1987.
Prentice RL. Surrogate endpoints in clinical trials: definition and operational criteria. Stat Med. 1989;8:431-40.
World Health Organisation, Dengue haemorrhagic fever, diagnosis, treatment prevention and control (2nd ed.), WHO, Geneva (1997).
World Health Organisation. WHO Director-General's opening remarks at the media briefing on COVID-19 - 11 March 2020. Available from: https://www.who.int/dg/speeches/detail/who-director-general-s-opening-remarks-at-the-media-briefing-on-covid-19---11-march-2020.
Marcy, M. et a. Fever as an adverse event following immunization: case definition and guidelines of data collection, analysis and presentation. Vaccine 2004;22: 551-556.
Clopper CJ and Pearson ES. The use of confidence or fiducial limits illustrated in the case of the binomial. Biometrika. 1934; 26: 404-13.
  
Appendix A	Schedule Of Trial Procedures
Table 8.a	Schedule of Trial Procedures for Parts 1, 2, and 3
	Possible dry-run for surveillance between enrollment and vaccination	Active surveillance	Modified active
surveillance	Follow up 
visit (d)
		Part 1 (a)	Part 2 (b)	Part 3 (c)	
		Day 1
(Month 0)
(Visit 1)	Day 30
(Month 1)
(Visit 2)	Day 90
(Month 3)
(Visit 3)	Day 120
(Month 4)
(Visit 4)	Day 270
(Month 9) (Visit 5)	Day 450
(Month 15) (Visit 6)		Y 1
D815
(M27)
(V7)	Y 2
D1180
(M39)
(V8)	Y3
D1545
(M51)
(V9)	
	Procedure for all subjects
Visit window			-1 day/
+7 days	±15 days	-1 day/
+7 days	±21 days	±30 days		±45 days	±45 days (e)
-45 days/
+180 days (f)	
Visits	X	X	X	X	X			NA			
End of trial phone Contact										X (g)	
Signed informed consent/
assent (h)	X	X								
Assessment of eligibility criteria (h)	X	X								
Check contraindications to vaccination				X						
Check criteria for delay of vaccination				X						
Demographics	X	X								
Medical history	X	X		X						X
Concomitant medications (i)	X	X	X	X	X					X
Complete physical examination ( j)	X	X		X						
Targeted physical examination (k)			X		X					X
Pregnancy 
test (l)	X	X		X						
Continued
Table 8.a	Schedule of Trial Procedures for Parts 1, 2, and 3 (Continued)
	Possible dry-run for surveillance between enrollment and vaccination	Active surveillance	Modified active
surveillance	Follow up 
visit (d)
		Part 1 (a)	Part 2 (b)	Part 3 (c)	
		Day 1
(Month 0)
(Visit 1)	Day 30
(Month 1)
(Visit 2)	Day 90
(Month 3)
(Visit 3)	Day 120
(Month 4)
(Visit 4)	Day 270
(Month 9) (Visit 5)	Day 450
(Month 15) (Visit 6)		Y 1
D815
(M27)
(V7)	Y 2
D1180
(M39)
(V8)	Y3
D1545
(M51)
(V9)	
	Procedure for all subjects
Visit window			-1 day/
+7 days	±15 days	-1 day/
+7 days	±21 days	±30 days		±45 days	±45 days (e)
-45 days/
+180 days (f)	
Visits	X	X	X	X	X			NA		
Randomization (m)		X								
Vaccine administration		X		X						
Surveillance for dengue fever (n)	X
Blood 
sample (o) (8 mL)		X			X					
Febrile illness blood 
sample (p)	X
SAEs (q)	X	
	Additional procedures for the subset
Visits						X	X	NA	X	X	X	
Targeted physical examination (k)						X	X		X	X	X	X
Injection site evaluation (r)		X	X	X	X							
Diary card 
distribution (s)		X		X								
Diary card collection and review			X		X							
Documentation of AEs (s) (t)			X		X							
Blood sample (u) (5 mL)			X	X		X	X		X	X	X (v)	
AEs = adverse events, D = Day, M = Month, NA = not applicable, V = Visit, Y = Year
	Part 1 will end once both of the 2 following criteria are fulfilled: (1) 120 cases of dengue fever are confirmed, and (2) a minimum duration of subject follow-up of 12 months post-second vaccination.
	Part 2 will start after the completion of Part 1 and will last 6 months.
	Part 3 will start after the completion of the active surveillance period (i.e. end of Part 2) and will last for approximately 3 years.
	Follow-up visit is only applicable if the subject terminates early.
	For subjects not participating in the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5).
	For subjects participating in the booster phase of the trial (Parts 4 and 5). See also footnotes g and v.
	Between 4 years and approximately 4.5 years post-dose 2 in Part 3, the parent/guardian of subjects who are not included in the subset from Parts 1, 2, and 3 (see footnote ‘m’) but are included in the PPS and were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial (Day 1 [Month 0]) will be asked to allow their child/ward to receive the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo), depending on the assignment on Day 1 (Month 0) (see footnote ‘m’). Regardless of the willingness to participate in the booster phase of this trial, all subjects will continue trial participation for febrile surveillance and safety follow-up.
	Eligibility by review of inclusion/exclusion criteria will be documented before randomization. Eligibility assessment performed prior to the dry-run must be repeated on Day 1 (Month 0). For subjects participating in dry-run, informed consent/assent must be obtained prior to entry into the dry-run.
	History of vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis or against Yellow Fever until Day 120 (Month 4) irrespective of time of administration and including the vaccine type as well as any additional supportive documentation for these vaccinations, all concomitant medications and vaccine history from 1 month (minimum 28 days) prior to administration of each dose of TDV or placebo up to 1 month (minimum 28 days) thereafter, steroids and immunostimulants within 60 days prior to Day 1 (Month 0), immunoglobulins and blood products within 3 months prior to Day 1 (Month 0), and immunosuppressive therapy within 6 months prior to Day 1 (Month 0).
	Physical examination including measurement of weight and height; body mass index will be calculated automatically. Measurement of height is not required at Day 90 (Month 3).
	Vital signs including (but not limited to) the measurement of systolic blood pressure/diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, temperature, height and weight. Measurement of height is not required at Day 30 (Month 1) for all subjects, and at Day 270 (Month 9) for the subset.
	Pregnancy testing (serum or urine) for females of childbearing potential. Results must be confirmed and documented as negative prior to trial entry (if dry-run is applicable) and prior to each trial vaccine administration.
	After eligibility is assessed and written informed consent/assent has been obtained, subjects will be randomized 1) to receive either 2 doses of Takeda’s TDV or placebo by subcutaneous (SC) injection in the upper arm, and 2) to be included in the subset.
	The subject AND/OR the subject’s parent/guardian will be contacted at least weekly during the dry-run, Parts 1, 2, and 3. Contacts will be made through appropriate methods that may differ in each site (eg, phone calls, text messaging, home visits, school-based surveillance). The text messaging system, if used, will be identified and evaluated by the Sponsor before use.
	Blood samples for dengue neutralizing antibodies will be collected for all subjects at pre-vaccination (Day 1 [Month 0]) and post-second vaccination on Day 120 (Month 4). The Day 30 (Month 1) and Day 120 (Month 4) blood samples should be taken at least 28 days after the first and second trial vaccination, respectively.
	For subjects presenting with febrile illness (fever ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days or clinically suspected dengue) during the dry-run and Parts 1 and 2, or with febrile illness requiring hospitalization during Part 3, a blood sample will be collected during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever) and a convalescent blood sample will be collected between 7 and 14 days after the acute sample. For subjects presenting with febrile illness (fever ≥ 38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days or clinically suspected dengue) during Part 3 not requiring hospitalization will have 1 blood sample taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever) unless there is an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology.
	Serious adverse events (SAEs) will be reported to the Sponsor within 24 hours of the Investigator becoming aware of the event.
	At 30 minutes after vaccine administration on the day of vaccinations.
	Diary cards will be distributed for the collection of solicited local adverse events (AEs) until Day 7 (day of vaccination + 6 subsequent days), and of solicited systemic AEs until Day 14 (day of vaccination + 13 subsequent days) after each vaccination.
	Unsolicited AEs will be collected up to 28 days after each vaccination by interview.
	Additional blood samples for dengue neutralizing antibodies will be collected for subjects in the subset post first vaccination on Day 30 (Month 1), pre-vaccination on Day 90 (Month 3), post-second vaccination on Day 270 (Month 9), Day 450 (Month 15), and then every 12 months until the end of Part 3.
	Between 4 years and approximately 4.5 years post-dose 2 in Part 3, the parent/guardian of subjects who are included in the subset from Parts 1, 2, and 3 (see footnote ‘m’) and the PPS, and were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial (Day 1 [Month 0]) will be asked to allow their child/ward to receive the booster dose of TDV or placebo, depending on the assignment on Day 1 (Month 0) (see footnote ‘m’). Regardless of the willingness to participate in the booster phase of this trial, all subjects will continue trial participation for febrile surveillance and safety follow-up. This visit will correspond to the first trial visit of the booster phase of the trial if by that time the current protocol amendment has been approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB)/Independent Ethics Committee (IEC). It is anticipated that some subjects eligible for the booster phase may have or may not have completed Part 3 of the trial by the time the protocol amendment is implemented and it is feasible to enroll them into the booster phase for ethical and scientific reasons. Those subjects may be enrolled into the booster phase provided the IRBs/IECs approved the current protocol amendment, the subjects meet the entry criteria, and the global enrollment into the booster phase is ongoing. Details on data analysis for subjects who do not complete Part 3 of the trial will be provided in the Statistical Analysis Plan.

 
Table 8.b	Schedule of Trial Procedures for the Booster Phase (Parts 4 and 5) – Subjects Between 4 and 11 Years of Age at the Time of Randomization in the Trial (Day 1 [Month 0])
	Modified active surveillance (a)	Follow up visit (c)
	Part 4	Part 5	
	Day 1b
(Month 0b) (Visit 1b)	Day 30b
(Month 1b) (Visit 2b)	Day 180b
(Month 6b)
(Visit 3b)	Day 395b
(Month 13b)
(Visit 4b)	Day 760b
(Month 25b)
(Visit 5b)	
	Procedure for all subjects
Visit window		-1 day/+7 days	± 21 days	±30 days	± 45 days	
Visits	X	X				
Signed informed consent/assent (b)	X					
Assessment of eligibility criteria (d)	X					
Check contraindications to vaccination	X					
Check criteria for delay of vaccination	X					
Medical history	X					X
Concomitant medications (e)	X	X				X
Complete physical examination (f)	X					
Targeted physical 
examination (g)		X				X
Pregnancy test (h)	X					
Enrollment in the booster phase (i)	X					
Vaccine administration	X					
Surveillance for dengue fever (j)	X
Blood sample (k) (9 mL)	X					
Blood sample (k) (6 mL)		X				
Febrile illness blood sample (l)	X
SAEs (m)	X
	Additional procedures for the booster immunogenicity subset
Visits			X	X	X	
Targeted physical 
examination (g)			X	X	X	X
Injection site evaluation	X (n)	X				
Diary card distribution (o)	X					
Diary card collection and review		X				
Documentation of adverse events (o) (p)		X				
Blood sample (q) (6 mL)			X	X	X	
Notes:
	No new randomization will be performed for the booster phase of the trial. Only subjects from the Per-Protocol Set who were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial on Day 1 (Month 0) (see Table 8.a) will receive the booster vaccination between 4 years and approximately 4.5 years post-dose 2.
	The blood sampling will be re-set based on the day of booster vaccination (‘b’ will be used to denote trial visits of the booster phase – eg, Visit 1b, Day 1b, Month 0b).
	A subset of subjects who were 4 to 11 years of age at the time of randomization in the trial on Day 1 (Month 0) will be assigned to the booster immunogenicity subset for specific safety and immunogenicity evaluations. Assignment to the booster immunogenicity subset (approximately 2100 subjects) is also based on the randomization performed on Day 1 (Month 0) (see Table 8.a).
	The modified active surveillance will be performed as in Part 3 of the trial (see Table 8.a). The modified active surveillance during Parts 4 and 5 will maintain at least weekly contacts, but the intensity of investigation will be modified based on the need for hospitalization. Surveillance will identify febrile illness of any severity that could potentially be due to dengue.
	If not obtained at the last trial visit of Part 3 (see Table 8.a).
	Follow-up visit is only applicable if the subject terminates early.
	Eligibility by review of inclusion/exclusion criteria will be documented before enrollment in the booster phase.
	History of vaccination against Japanese Encephalitis or against Yellow Fever after Day 120 (Month 4) (see Table 8.a) until Day 30b (Month 1b) irrespective of time of administration and including the vaccine type as well as any additional supportive documentation for these vaccinations, all concomitant medications and other vaccine history from 1 month (minimum 28 days) prior to administration of the booster dose of TDV or placebo up to 1 month (minimum 28 days).
	Physical examination including measurement of weight and height; body mass index will be calculated automatically.
	Vital signs including (but not limited to) the measurement of systolic blood pressure/diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, temperature, height and weight. Measurement of height is not required at Day 30b (Month 1b).
	Pregnancy testing (serum or urine) for females of childbearing potential. Results must be confirmed and documented as negative prior to administration of the booster dose of trial vaccine (TDV or placebo).
	After eligibility is assessed and written informed consent/assent has been obtained, subjects will be enrolled in the booster phase to receive either the booster dose of Takeda’s TDV or placebo by SC injection in the upper arm. Assignment of the booster dose of trial vaccine will be according to the randomization on Day 1 (Month 0) (see Table 8.a).
	The subject AND/OR the subject’s parent/guardian will be contacted at least weekly during Parts 4 and 5. Contacts will be made through appropriate methods that may differ in each site (eg, phone calls, text messaging, home visits, school-based surveillance). The text messaging system, if used, will be identified and evaluated by the Sponsor before use.
	Blood samples for dengue neutralizing antibodies will be collected for all subjects at pre-booster vaccination (Day 1b [Month 0b]) and post-booster vaccination on Day 30b (Month 1b).
	For subjects presenting with febrile illness (fever ≥38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days or clinically suspected dengue) requiring hospitalization during Parts 4 and 5, a blood sample will be collected during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever) and a convalescent blood sample will be collected between 7 and 14 days after the acute sample. For subjects presenting with febrile illness (fever ≥ 38°C on any 2 of 3 consecutive days or clinically suspected dengue) during Parts 4 and 5 not requiring hospitalization will have 1 blood sample taken during the acute phase of the disease (ie, as soon as possible and preferably within 5 days after the onset of fever) unless there is an alternate laboratory confirmed etiology
	SAEs will be reported to the Sponsor within 24 hours of the Investigator becoming aware of the event.
	At 30 minutes after vaccine administration on the day of vaccinations.
	Diary cards will be distributed for the collection of solicited local adverse events (AEs) until Day 7b (day of booster vaccination + 6 subsequent days) and solicited systemic AEs until Day 14b (day of booster vaccination + 13 subsequent days), and of unsolicited AEs (day of booster vaccination + 27 subsequent days).
	Unsolicited AEs will be collected up to 28 days (day of booster vaccination + 27 subsequent days) after booster vaccination by interview.
	Additional blood samples for dengue neutralizing antibodies will be collected for subjects in the booster immunogenicity subset at post booster vaccination on Day 180b (Month 6b), Day 395b (Month 13b) and Day 760b (Month 25b).
Appendix B	Solicited and Systemic Adverse Events and Intensity
Table 8.c	Solicited Local and Systemic AEs
	Infant/Toddler (15–24 months)/Child (<6 years)	Adult and child (≥6 years)
Local AEs (injection site)	Pain	Pain
	Erythema	Erythema
	Swelling	Swelling
Systemic AEs	Fever (a)	Fever (a)
	Irritability/fussiness	Asthenia
	Drowsiness	Headache
	Loss of appetite	Malaise
		Myalgia
	Body temperature ≥ 38.0°C or 100.4°F is defined as fever irrespective of site of measurement
Table 8.d	Intensity Scales for Solicited Safety Parameters (Infant/Toddler/Child <6 Years)
Adverse Event	Intensity grade	Severity/Intensity
Pain at injection site	0	None
	1	Mild: Minor reaction to touch
	2	Moderate: Cries/protests on touch
	3	Severe: Cries when limb is moved/spontaneously painful
Erythema at injection site (a)	0	<10 mm
	1	Mild: ≥10 – ≤ 20 mm 
	2	Moderate: > 20 – ≤ 40 mm
	3	Severe: > 40 mm
Swelling at injection site (a)	0	<10 mm
	1	Mild: ≥10 – ≤ 20 mm 
	2	Moderate: > 20 – ≤ 40 mm
	3	Severe: > 40 mm
Drowsiness	0	Behavior as usual
	1	Mild: Drowsiness easily tolerated
	2	Moderate: Drowsiness that interferes with normal activity
	3	Severe: Drowsiness that prevents normal activity
Irritability/fussiness	0	Behavior as usual
	1	Mild: Crying more than usual/no effect on normal activity
	2	Moderate: Crying more than usual/interferes with normal activity
	3	Severe: Crying that cannot be comforted/prevents normal activity
Loss of appetite	0	Appetite as usual
	1	Mild: Eating less than usual/no effect on normal activity
	2	Moderate: Eating less than usual/interferes with normal activity
	3	Severe: Not eating at all
  Fever (b)	NA	None
	NA	38.0-<38.5°C
	NA	38.5-<39.0°C
	NA	39.0-<39.5°C
	NA	39.5-<40.0°C
	NA	40.0-<40.5°C
	NA	40.5-<41.0°C
	NA	≥41.0°C
	
	Subjects are to record greatest surface diameter in mm in the Diary
	Fever is defined as greater than or equal to 38.0°C (100.4°F) irrespective of site measurement
Table 8.e	Intensity Scales for Solicited Safety Parameters (Child ≥6 Years)
Adverse Event	Intensity grade	Severity/Intensity
Pain at injection site	0	None
	1	Mild: No interference with daily activity
	2	Moderate: Interference with daily activity with or without treatment
	3	Severe: Prevents daily activity with or without treatment
Erythema at injection site (a)	0	<25 mm
	1	Mild: >25 – ≤ 50 mm
	2	Moderate: > 50 – ≤ 100 mm
	3	Severe: > 100 mm
Swelling at injection site (a)	0	<25 mm
	1	Mild: >25 – ≤ 50 mm 
	2	Moderate: > 50 – ≤ 100 mm
	3	Severe: > 100 mm
Headache	0	None
	1	Mild: No interference with daily activity
	2	Moderate: Interference with daily activity with or without treatment
	3	Severe: Prevents normal activity with or without treatment
Asthenia	0	None
	1	Mild: No interference with daily activity
	2	Moderate: Interference with daily activity
	3	Severe: Prevents daily activity
Malaise 	0	None
	1	Mild: No interference with daily activity
	2	Moderate: Interference with daily activity
	3	Severe: Prevents daily activity
Myalgia	0	None
	1	Mild: No interference with daily activity
	2	Moderate: Interference with daily activity
	3	Severe: Prevents daily activity
Fever (b)	For categories refer to Table 8.c.

	Subjects are to record greatest surface diameter in mm in the Diary
	Fever is defined as greater than or equal to 38.0°C (100.4°F) irrespective of site measurement

Appendix C	Potential Prohibited Therapies and Vaccines
	Chronic use of systemic (ie, oral or parenteral) corticosteroid treatment (equivalent to 20 mg/day prednisone ≥ 12 weeks/ ≥ 2 mg/kg body weight/day prednisone ≥ 2 weeks) within 60 days prior to Day 1 (Month 0) / Day 1b (Month 0b) or within 1 month prior to Day 90 (Month 3).
Administration of immunoglobulins and/or any blood products within the 3 months prior to Day 1 (Month 0), within 2 weeks prior to Day 90 (Month 3), since Day 120 (Month 4) (ie, 30 days after the second dose of trial vaccine) or planned administration during the booster phase of the trial.
Receipt of immunostimulants within 60 days prior to Day 1 (Month 0) / Day 1b (Month 0b).
Immunosuppressive therapy such as anti-cancer chemotherapy or radiation therapy within 6 months prior to Day 1 (Month 0) / Day 1b (Month 0b) or within 1 month prior to Day 90 (Month 3).
Any vaccine within 14 days (for inactivated vaccines) or 28 days (for live vaccines) prior to Day 1 (Month 0) / Day 1b (Month 0b) and Day 90 (Month 3), and 28 days after each trial vaccination, including booster vaccination.
Receipt of any other clinical trial product within 30 days prior to Day 1 (Month 0) / Day 1b (Month 0b).
Subjects who participated in any clinical trial of a dengue candidate vaccine, or previous receipt of a dengue vaccine.









 





